Todays Notes: 2025-07-23
- left mcs off at pg 14, cont tomorrow
   + thinking in this systematic way is a great way to scaffold programs


Todays Notes: 2025-07-22
- working with the db reveals a lot of holes in the script, largely when handling errors from data entry
   + there is an issue mapping to the correct columns when the script runs into an error. 
   + reading the first row in correctly, but proceding cells certain columns only have the first character
   + The data itself is just missing a lot of important consistency. As we combine and normalize, we build
   leverage over the inconsistency. But at some point I have a feeling there will be unavoidable manual cleanup. 
   + maybe the best tools are within excel. we can use some basic formulas and run them on the most problematic contracts. 
   + also, we could just continue stacking the filters onto each other. checks for various columns and each cell. 
   Modularize the filters, run them one at a time on an immutable copy, and establish procedure for updating on conflict. 
   + there is probably < 5% of files that have major issues, but they will naturally standout. 
   
- prototype is functional, what's next?
   + safety features - table row comparison, backups / revisions, 
   + important features - client tables, project tables
   + UI mockup - getting the HTML / JS working so the tables generate in the browser, the search bar works, etc
   + work on the refactor tomorrow. class based, simpler. 
   

Todays Notes: 2025-07-21
- we just need to recreate the cli template from our past node scripts, we are reading a list of paths into
the functions we wrote for the sqlite db
- the ui will be a search bar where you can look for contract names / codes, then click them and see the various 
columns. You can hide / reveal the columns. 
   + how does editability work? How are they read back into the main db? 
   + what is the exact table schema we want to work with? 
   + this is not priority right now, but what is the look of the UI? 
   + what can the user actually search for? 

Todays Notes: 2025-07-08
+ fuzzy search is implemented, along with levenshtein algorithm. 
   > need to apply to the xml group logic 
   > we will apply to sections first
      - search for building token, then the next adjacent token
      - search for level token, then next adjacent token:
   > then we should use the fuzzy find to create a better master list of unique signs
      - something like, if the term falls within the first three matches, group together
   > what can be the target of the search list argument for fuzzy find? 
   > 

+ The contract filter pipeline 
   > contract_db_import.js
      - This is the main scrub, it pulls most of the data into a useable format, there are persistent errors in the
      column alignments and row concatenation though, so rather than mess with the logic we just made another filter script. 
   > test-export_contracts.js
      - This is the other filter script. It could probably be combined with the main filter logic, but we haven't really touched it
      since getting it working. 
      
+ Working through the fuzzy finder module, writing a levenshtein algorithm
   > Basically it fills up a 2d array, with the height and width being the lengths of string 1 and string 2
   > it iterates through each character of both strings and accumulates the differences between each character. 
   > currently implemented, it is case sensitive, because it is performing direct character comparison. 

Todays Notes: 2025-07-07
+ reading back through the xml serializer. Notes:
   - should reorder so that it reads in a more linear fashion. 
   - is there a reason for the build_key_obj function? It is brought in as json, why not use that structure? 
      > it does allow for a generic object that can be repurposed throughout the serializer, it's used in two
      places within our current script, the main contract uses pieces of it, and unique sign list uses pieces.
   - definitely will need to rewrite the unique_signs function to leverage a fuzzy find and include the 
   grouping logic we are looking for. 

+ general xml serializer logic
   - import_clean_contract 
      > takes an XLSX file and turns it into the JSON format

   - build_key_obj
      > is used on "rows" of the JSON object, creates an object from each row

   - create_section_map
      > makes a new Map() object
      > iterates over the JSON object output from import_clean_contract
      > checks the map if it has the section name for that row, if not sets a new key w/ that section name,
      then creates an empty array. It then checks the Map for that rows section name, and pushes a key_object
      onto the array of the matching section name. 
      > returns the Map() object, called section_map. This should look generally like: 
         key[section_name1]: value[array of key objects from this section],
         key[section_name2]: value[array of key objects from new section],
         etc... 
 
   - serialize_sections
      > takes a section_name, and array of key_objects as arguments
      > initalizes a constant called itemsXML, which uses the .map in combination with a template literal
      This map method places each key of every key_object in the section_map object into a template literal
      that wraps those variables in proper xml. 
      > initializes a constant named section_info, which wraps the section_name xml in a section tag
      It results in this structure
         <section>
            <section_name></section_name>
            <sign> various sign keys... </sign>
         </section>      
      > returns section info

        
   - build_section_xml
      > takes section_map is an argument (Map() object)
      > immediately reduces the map to an array for simplicity I think
      > initializes a string, this will hold the xml string
      > iterates through the new section_map array, passing the section_name and list of key_objects to
      a function called serialize_sections, appending the return to the xml string
      > the end result: 
         <section>
            <section_name>string</section_name>
            <sign>
               <keys...></keys...>
            </sign>
         </section>
      > returns the xml string after completing iteration

   - build_metadata_xml 
      > this takes one row from the JSON object and serializes the metadata columns from that row into
      a template literal that wraps it in proper xml. 
      > returns the metadata xml string. 

   - find_same_obj
      > takes an array and a key_obj as arguments
      > copies the array to a new constant explicitly, so we don't mutate the input array
      > creates a boolean variable using the .find() method on new_arr, matching strings from the 
      description key. Here it is using naive matching, the strings must be exactly the same. 
      If we are to implement fuzzy find, it would match based on some threshold rather than exact matches. 
      > If a description match is found, that element of the new_arr is updated with new count, cost, and 
      section_list information. These are all keys in the key_object. 
      > returns the updated new_array. 

   - unique_signs
      > takes the JSON object as input
      > initializes an empty array, unique_sign_list
      > iterates through input data, calls build_key_obj on each "row"
      > calls find_same_obj with unique_sign_list and the new key_object for the current row
      > returns the unique sign list
      > in short: this accumulates key objects in an array, incrementing keys in key objects that 
      have explicitly matching description key values. 

   - serialize_unique_signs
      > leverages three helper functions only used here, unique_signs(), find_same_obj(), and section_list_xml()
      > section_list_xml() takes a section_list from a key_object, wraps the variables in the section_list
      in proper xml, appends this all to a single string, then returns the string.
      > the main function then iterates through a unique_sign_list from unique_signs
      > sets the variables for the given xml element, calls section_list_xml to get the properly formatted
      section list, wraps everything in XML with a template literal
      > returns the template literal

   - compose_xml_object
      > takes the imported JSON object from clean contract
      > calls all the previous functions using async/await syntax, initializes their return to constants
      > wraps each constant with a template literal, dropping xml strings into the general xml structure
      > returns the general xml structure

   - async batch_files 
      > takes data (JSON) and a file path as an argument
      > initializes input from the command line using argv, the input files and the destination they 
      are being written to. Throws if there are no arguments passed in. 
      > this is a node specific function, it has several sub-functions 
      make_folder_async, write_xml_lib, process_file
      > make_folder_async concats the destination path with the folder name, checking if it exists already
      > write_xml_lib creates the file name with path.basename (node)
       it then calls our make_folder_async functions
       >> it calls the compose_xml_object on the data argument
       >> creates the destination path, with path.join and a template literal
       >> uses fs.writeFile with the new path and xml object and attempts to write the file.
      > then process_file() is defined
       >> tests the file path in a few ways, making sure it's valid
       >> calls the import_clean_contract function, initializing our input data
       >> calls write_xml_lib on the input data
       >> wraps everything in some handy try/catches
      > uses a for..each loop on the path arguments passed on the command line, calling process_file() on 
      each path. 

Todays Notes: 2025-06-02
+ so markdown
   - could be used to write and eventually automate documentation of different sign design documents
   - also it's fun to write? 
+ the automation scripts
   - we need to rewrite the matching that happens in grouped signs to ignore the notes people are leaving without deleting them 
   in the eventual output. 

Todays Notes: 2025-05-30
+ goals for today
   - remember how the template script functions
   - clean up anything not used
   - understand how to interact with tables through the api 
   - implement xml data to tables 
   - understand how to create spreads through the api 
   - implement spreads using the template map

Todays Notes: 2025-05-19 
+ fuck adobe? 
   - we are scripting with the target being the adobe suite, namely illustrator and indesign. 
   - it takes a fair amount of time to learn the api, write the code, test it, then pitch the code to mgmt
   - there are likely just opensource tools that accomplish a lot of the database work
   - the goal of creating an indesign book template is still valid, but the other utilities are likely too much effort for too little return
   - we can do so much with just the xml database, just writing forms and checking 
   contracts against each other is enough on its own.

Todays Notes: 2025-05-01

1. How Easy are they to understand / use, who can use the scripts? 
   - anybody with access to the server where the scripts are stored can use them. They'd be built from day 1 to emphasize ease of use.
   For the scripts that make a lot of changes, or especially advanced tools like a contract database, there might be a 5 minute demo video.

2. How to use? 
   - A designer places the script into their script folder and runs them as needed.
   - In the future, we could sync peoples script folder automatically with a folder on the server.

3. Importing / Exporting procedure - There are a number of routes we can go with this. 

   - One would be nothing really changes with how we export books. You would go to the normal indesign export menu and run it from there. 
   The XML would update in the background, the database would track the new revision, and the designer wouldn't have to bother with it. 

   - Two, we could have a script for exporting the books, and build our own exporting logic into the scripts. A designer would run the 
   script instead of using the export menu. A script can control everything and more that's in that export menu.  

4. What scripts are most useful? 
   - Book Automation Tools
      + prefill bubbles -- super easy, a good first stepping stone.
      + prefill descriptions -- also super easy, might just complete alongside the label automation
      + automatic tables - contracts would get put into tables based on section
      + set up book pages 
      + automatic layout -- sign pages would be laid out according to contract information. The "how" is pretty technical.
      The end result would be normal looking sign book pages that adjust according to contract information. 
   - Central Database 
      + A searchable library of contract data. It would be filterable by information that's 
      already in the contract, so date the contract was signed, by client, by sign description name, etc.
      + The primary use would be for research, training, and building other tools. It also delegates a lot of questions away from mgmt. 

5. What is the starting point? 
   - I would draft up some milestones based on our conversations and deliver them on a certain schedule. 

6. How do we test them with the team? 
   - We would do extensive tests one each tool before it's put on the server and given to the team. 

7. How do designers work on the same project at the same time? 
   - The different job queues for projects are already pretty isolated from each other. But nothing about the scripts would change our 
   ability to work on the same files.

8. 4 months = 50% faster
   - Thats a conservative estimate. If my primary job is building these tools it's got potential to happen faster than 
   four months. 
   - The 50% faster depends on what tools I build. The Centralized Database wouldn't speed anyone up by much, it would 
   just make information easier to access across the company. If I only worked on book automation, those tools would speed 
   the entire team up quite a bit. 50% would just be the starting point there. 

9. Is this Sign Agent but with a Fource logo? 
   - Not at all. It's much closer to modding a game to have the exact features you want, but the designer/programmer is inhouse 
   and can make whatever the team needs.
   - We aren't tied down to another new piece of software. The scripts work on top of what we already know.

10. How do we choose a direction? 
   - This is easy to answer if I can get problems we want to solve down. 

   Problems can be general: book production is slow. Changes suck to make in the middle of a job. Repetitive data entry, with high
   chance of error. Clerical work that takes the time of multiple people to get through.

   Problems can be specific: When I export, the page labels are weird, how do I fix that? When I'm linking things to indesign, is there
   a way to drop them onto the exact page that I want? 
   
   From my experience working on this so far, I have an idea of what's difficult and what's easy, what really saves a lot of time
   and what is bigger picture. 

   My starting inclination: Book layout automation. That's labels, descriptions, tables, pages, all set up from one script. 


    
   

> doing the presentation today. prep the sign den table and set up using the tv. 


Todays Notes: 2025-04-30
> left off on sorting practice with the quicksort variants. Need to reinforce the partition concept, as well as how the left and 
right boundaries are being determined. Should rewatch the visualizations and slow down. 

Todays Notes: 2025-04-29
> checklist for presentation on Thursday 
   + parties are on board, make the meeting time official today 
   + create list of talking points and small demonstration 
   + recreate the database of contracts, convert to XML, place onto server. 
   + work on XML visualization. 


Todays Notes: 2025-04-25
   Meeting Agenda 
   - present current programming milestones, contextualize their utility
   - discuss our recent procedure changes, how programming augments these changes
   - getting feedback on different needs from management, sign design, production teams. What problems do we have and what is 
   priority for getting solved? What's the biggest bang for our buck? 
   - setting a schedule for future programming goals, general time table based on feedback.

   General Programming/Scripting Projects 
   - database of contract data - (currently functional)
   - convert contract into various types of data. Currently can transform between .xlsx, .json, .xml, .csv, .txt
   - upload contract into any indesign file. - (currently functional)
   - configure any template to work with current or future scripting tools. - (proof of concept made)
   - create interface for contract database - (proposed)
   - tools for quality checking contracts at scale - (proposed)
   - coordinate contract database with artwork database - (proposed)
   - working from the artwork database, build a template library of functional illustrator assets - (proposed) 

   Book building tools
   - pre-fill master pages (proof of concept example)
   - pre-fill tables for each section outlined by contract
   - pre-fill sign description names, with standard formatting "key - description x count"
   - generate spotting tags for each section. Using the Key element from the XML schema, generate labels for spotting.
   - place all prebuilt assets into book, based on section. Each table, label, description, would be placed onto it's relevant book page.
   - update a sign book according to contract changes. The intermediate file created in the database could be altered in Excel and would 
   change it's linked objects in the indesign document after prompting the user. The reverse is true, changes to linked objects
   in the indesign book can alter the intermediate contract. This would eliminate a lot of clerical work synchronizing contracts with books.
   
   Job Organization tools
   - unique sign list, a table of every unique sign name in a given contract. It can be pre-sorted with the desired logic.
   Example: All unit IDS, Stairwells, Hallways Directionals, are grouped together, with their Section IDs and Keys applied. 
   - create turn tracking. Sections belonging to a given turn could be placed into the XML schema, and would persist for the life 
   of that indesign file (and any copies made of that file).
   - export specific pages according to turn schedule, or multiple turns at once to their own files.
   - estimate page count from contract stage.
   - create reconcilliation tools that would compare initial and final contracts and display differences.
   - create a master checklist based on the "working" or "intermediary" contract. 

   Standardization tools
   - ensure certain indesign configurations are always enabled / disabled.
   - prompt user for variables that can be filled throughout the document, IE address, phone, materials list, turn list, certain notes, etc.
   - backup indesign files after every export to a central database
   
Todays Notes: 2025-04-24
> coopers row is w/ m3, he's workin his magic on it.

Todays Notes: 2025-04-21
> stopped on casa siena addon, signs are made need to complete book page + export the addon

Todays Notes: 2025-04-19
> bash script to pull all the fonts off the server so they can be inspected and then cetralized
> rewrite the find script for pulling contracts off the server. 
> templates, will need to understand the direction mgmt wants to go with the templates. Integration is feasable, but it depends on a few things. 

Todays Notes: 2025-04-16
> video on point type vs area type
   + point type
      - controllable 
      - easy to drag to reasonable size, shape
      - can have problems with alignment
      - can create bounds that are unexpected
   + area type 
      - less intuitive control, relies on typographic controls
      - can explicitly set most features of the type
      - alignment is more expected
> something better than referring to past jobs
   + centralized
   + maintable 
   + consistent per job, client
   + useable by teams with different needs

Todays Notes: 2025-04-14
> need to address lag in YCM and ALE 
> reset our config today. Should go through this process every month honestly, there are so many details I forget. 


Todays Notes: 2025-03-24
> left LCES FS aw, elev egresses, hw directionals
   + scaled and book comps tomorrow
   + the arbor mess in the morning perhaps depends on how I am feeling

> we have the master page template script, with a few things left: 
   - break the objects out, name them something slightly more coherent
   - link them into the script 
   - use the objects to rename the actual master page objects, right now it just changes the labels on the page
> then I want to start the page building section
   - make spotting labels
   - apply the parent pages that we made in the previous script
   - create the descriptions that should go on each page
   - create and fill the tables that should go on spotting pages
   - create spotting pages -- this could go in the master pages section as another page type, need to consider
   + the goal for all these is to place the xml data objects into a book object with around 95% accuracy, meaning the user 
   doesn't have to move or otherwise correct the information more than 5% of the time. Placing the xml objects is key because 
   without properly dropping them into the document people will fuck the data up. 
> job setup script
   - make job folders, organize like the current makeJob script but with node
   - pull contract, run contract cleaners, save in correct job folder
   - export xml
   - link the job folder from sign books
   - copy and name template for indd files
   - copy and name ai files in prod artwork folder
   

Todays Notes: 2025-03-21
> work on the section identifier, 
> we got done with the master page script yesterday. 
   + we need to create some testing facilities for these scripts. Something like opening 10 docs, importing
   xml into each, then running the master page creation. 
   + want to modularize the page templates so the objects are in their own file, along with their fact functions
   + 

> next script would be the spotting page builder. 
   + that needs to create spotting labels, adjust the page title label, and eventually allow for the placement 
   of the plan images. 

> what is the vision? 
   + get credit and get paid. 
   + implement changes that take a static series of processes and make them increasingly dynamic and documented. 
   + Dynamic means: 
      - the manual, static process becomes increasingly automatic and flexible. Speed and iteration is the new norm.  
      - changes to essential information are automatically distributed through the production chain
      - when there are changes it either updates it's relevant assets automatically or notifies someone who can change it
      - maintains records of the data from first revision to final copy
      - traceability - it is possible to determine the who/what/when/where that went into important decisions
   + documented means: 
      - WHY something exists is written down and meaningfully tied to an essential process. 
      - HOW something gets done is explicitly described, with goals and stages of completion. 
      - WHO does the thing is tied to a clear role within the company, team
      - WHAT is used to accomplish the task is clear and defined simply, allowing for an appropriate amount of flexibility.
   + reorganize our server so mostly things don't break but the new scheme is much easier for everyone to use. 
      - everything is in one place. 
      - naming makes sense
      - searchability 
      - useability: every team can do their job without stepping on eachothers toes, but won't be as isolated as they are now
      - faster, faster, and faster. 
   + Make every team member faster over time. Multiply improvements as they occur. 
      - as the understanding and expertise of a user increases, their output should be more efficient. With current
      procedures and tools that is not always the case. Even with good understanding of what needs to be done, there 
      is still a lot of mundane and repetitive work. Automating that labor multiplies efficiency PER USER. For the 
      company those gains are obviously valuable. For individuals, that means less time per project, less labor 
      overall, and more time spent on their lives. Win win. 
      - Improve self sufficiency. Questions have tiers of complexity, and they should meet a certain threshold of importance
      and difficulty before being brought to a manager. Otherwise it should be something that user can look up and 
      figure out on their own.
      - When there is a departmental change, it should be relatively painless and consistent to implement. With 
      centralized data, automation, and documentation, changes that are currently impossible or inconsistent can 
      happen quickly. 
      - Reduce error, increase transparency. It should be rare that an installed sign is incorrect. Errors should get
      pointed out early, quickly, and the corrections should be easy, fast, and reliable. When there is eventually
      an error it should be clear who made it, when it was made, and how it was made. 
      - When something is done well, it should be made known that task or project was of high quality and who was responsible
      - Every team should be on the same page regarding project completion. Each person should know their role in that 
      process. 
> How to achieve the vision
   + understanding the goals
      - company, team, project, individual goals are clear and defined at all times.   
   + organizing information, data is a tool and not a burden
      - centralization
      - accuracy
      - updateability
      - searchability  
      - restructuring the server to accomodate these needs.
      - formatting data for the people who rely on it. 
   + custom automation tools 
      - make slow processes fast
      - fast processes more accurate 
      - reduce user error 
      - reduce lead times 
      - increase consistency and reliability
      - this is all achieved through scripting and training of team members in modern standards.
      - make data accessible to those who need it, changeable by those with expertise. 
   + defined processes 
      - documentation is reliable and comprehensive 
      - each team has a discrete end goal
      - when teams pass off work to one another everyone knows what is expected
      - quality checks are faster, more accurate, and more frequent. 
      - questions are brought to the right people 
      - standards are based on testing and not opinion 
      - this is done by retraining, writing things down, communicating clearly and often with teams. 
   + Production and installation needs are understood and codified 
   + Projects are transparent and tracked in detail 




 
      
    

Todays Notes: 2025-03-20
> correcting a note from yesterday, since extendscript is funky with exports, we should probably rely on modules. 
   - main benefit is the code is organized in a sane fashion
   - we don't have to load thousands of lines at once or on the other end organize hundreds of tiny functions
   - it would be worth understanding the debugging process for the granular approach, how to write a function 
   that can handle its own errors gracefully. I think it's probably just proper try/catch but there is probably
   more to it. 
> we left off writing the loop for duplicating and filling master pages with the different information from the contract
   - we can probably reuse a lot of the recoloring functions in this, which is fun. 
   - need to group those into a module lol. 
   - 
> there was an error in one of the xml files yesterday
   - one of the section titles isn't getting trimmed properly, so the space at the end is reading as part of the string. 

> more understanding of the api is needed 
   - this will happen with time but it's worthwhile to just do experiments 
   - experiments are what led us to the xml solution
   - if we didn't do the json experiment, we wouldn't have tried loading into indesign, which means we wouldn't 
   have looked for better options, meaning we could have continued to look over the xml utilities. 
   - I'm wondering how connected to the internet we can make a single document. Like if you could have an 
   entire table thats directly connected to a database on the server, without the user having to select files 
   on the local server. Or you could have the user manually selecting the database connection, but from a 
   browser interface. 
   - the two way street aspect of this whole xml linking is interesting, potentially double edged. 
   On one hand we want our users to apply their training in a more expansive way throughout the company. 
   Our sign designers have a relatively high expertise in the subject, meaning they are qualified to interpret
   and organize the data in a sign contract. That information will still go through quality checks during the 
   composition of a book. So it conforms to our goal to extend the effort of individuals farther through 
   the production chain.
   On the other hand, we might not want people to have unfettered write access to sensitive database information. 
   Because people are still people, and also security reasons. That's why implementing a basic revision control
   system is probably high up there on the list of priority. It should probably work like collecting all the writes
   in a given time frame and syncing them to a db reflection. That reflection gets compared to the main db and 
   procedes from there. 
   Another more likely risk comes from people who have access that are not qualified to make these changes. 
   Someone could push changes to a job without any understanding of the implications, or maliciously. The designer
   or quality team might not notice before those changes actually are written to the database. User authentication 
   will be needed, though it's less priority than the revision control for now. 
   It's important to convey the leverage all the different tools we've made so far and plan to make will give us. 
   Making something fast is one part of the plan, improving accuracy is another, but flexibility is the overarching
   principle. If we want to change the book font, either for every book made in the past two years or just for a single 
   page in a few books still in production, that should be relatively easy. Currently it's unfeasibly time consuming. 
   Much the same goes for art assets. If the goal were to correct builds that exist in old books, or to even just mark
   those builds as deprecated, it would take a long time. That process should take less than a day, preferably within
   a few hours. 
   Building a foundation that future projects can build on top of without getting held down by old thinking is one goal. 
   Another is permitting the good parts of old thinking to persist through that foundation, allowing staff and labor
   from before new procedures to still be useable in this new era. Both can coexist, so long as there is a fair bargain
   between differing processes. If you choose to do something in a less efficient manner, it must only affect yourself. 
   If it affects more than yourself, then you have to take ownership of that extra time. If something is rushed 
   because of a demand you have over the process that extra stress is your fault, full stop. And it should be traceable 
   back to the person taking that extra time. No casting blame where it doesn't belong. 
   We are getting off topic, but it's a concept that can be applied in time. We are at the forefront of a new era at
   this company, making thirty years of effort and time into a platform that can operate in the future. Using old tech,
   mind the reader. Old tech is cutting edge here, and just bringing the powers that be to that long traversed 
   precipice will be a challenge on its own. The gains to be had are material and significant. I will not waste my life
   repeating the mistakes of older generations, and neither should me colleagues. 
   CLB
    

Todays Notes: 2025-03-19
> working through the indesign api today, goal is to import an xml doc and get it doing some basic stuff. 
   - worth considering how we organize the library of scripts up front, because it can quickly become a pain. 
   - since exporting is a little funky with extendscript, we are just gonna make individual files for everything. 
   -       

Todays Notes: 2025-03-18
> list of potential indesign automation tools
   - pre-fill master pages
   - pre-fill tables by section
   - pre-fill sign description names, with standard formatting "key - description x count"
   - build table from unique sign list
   - generate spotting tags for each section
   - place all prebuilt assets into book, based on section
   - create turn tracking 
   - export specific pages according to turn
   - estimate page count
   - enforce certain configurations 
   - update a sign book according to contract changes 
   - prompt user for variables that can be filled throughout the document
   - export updated xml to the xml database

> list of xml suite features to understand
   - importXML
   - exportXML 
   - xmlTags
   - mapXMLToTags
   - xmlItem, and various properties
   - XMLElement, various properties
      + convertElementToTable(rowTag, cellTag)
   - XMLElements 
      + it's an array of xml nodes, meaning we could bring in different data sets for varying purposes.  
   - DTD and DTDs - "Document Type Definitions",    

> list of general indesign api stuff to better understand 
   - eventListeners 
   - labels, tags
   - tables
   - text 
   - preflight 
   - links

> got the async xml export function written and working. It is faster and cleaner than the original, a lot more maintainable and extendable.
> the entire thing isn't async, but it constructs the xml object in an async fashion. 
   + now we debug the unique sign function and add it to the xml export. It should work now. 

Todays Notes: 2025-03-17
> we need to fix the race condition bug in our xml script. 
   + either adjust the program to run async, which has long term use
   + or break out the xml serializer and helper functions into a separate script, which also has it's uses
   + I could see a world where we just do both. 
> then it's on to working out the embedding into the indesign api. 
   + basically there is a fairly sparse xml library built into extendscript for indesign. It allows xml to get 
   saved with a document after embedding, and that's the primary use case. If we can get the data saving with
   files, then there is an interface for updating contract archives according to a designers work without
   having a middle-man making design demands without design constraints. 
   + it also provides a convenient way to automate contract updates. It would mean that the front facing segment
   of the contract archive can be in real time updated to changes the designer implements. We could think about
   making it a two way street, where the contract can update the book and the book update the contract, but that
   is going to be more complicated by my estimation. 
   + The main benefit to having that live document is that every party that needs to use the contract can have access
   to the most up to date copy, without wondering if the paper they are holding is correct or not. 
> this contract archive needs to have a revision control system. 
   + basically the middle mgmt people have too much control over the procedure. They change things according to their
   needs and schedule, because that's how it's been done for so long and they have no oversight. 
   Morally that's not a problem, but it does mean they are the primary source for error in an automated system. They
   have the ability to simply ignore standardized procedures at any point of their choosing. Based on history, that 
   will happen frequently. 
   + that means that any time they need to alter a contract, they may simply bypass any archive system and print a copy 
   out, handwrite something on that paper copy, and move on like they did their job. Meanwhile all those changes 
   remain isolated from everyone else who needs to know about the changes. The people in that production chain 
   are completely in the dark about any alterations to the job, until they are informed one at a time while they 
   each get a chance to review the contract by hand. Meanwhile there may be more changes already at the beginning 
   of that production chain, before the person near the end has received revisions. So the  entire process needs 
   to start again. All of the effort made to track those changes has now been wasted, because the latest copy
   of the contract will come from the top with those changes implemented already, plus whatever additional changes
   have caused the procedure to loop. 
   + That's another conversation altogether about encouraging the adoption of this system. But a relevant point,
   because this archive needs to perform in a way that will meet the needs of the company. The 
   problems we encounter with contract revisions, automatic reconcilliation, book template automation, asset tagging, 
   and more will have a counterpart in the real life day to day operation of the company. Understanding why those 
   are problems and how they can be solved with some level of organization and automation is the primary constraint 
   of this job.  
   
   + all of that in mind, I think the best path forward is to have a very sensitive revision system. If there are any 
   changes pushed onto the archive a new revision is made and replaces the working copy, and the previous copy gets saved
   to some sort've intermediate storage. After a certain time or the job is closed those intermediate copies get moved 
   to cold storage. Any ADDONS will be handled like another revision. This is the warehouse model from what I understand. 
      - need a data storage section. This will be in a form that is convenient for storage, reading, writing, and fetching.
      - then we need a user interface. It should optimize for human interaction and legibility. 
      It will have the ability to read from, write to, and search the archive. 
      - Then we have the script utilities for indesign. The xml embedding, book utils, tagging utils, and more. 
      These are functionalities built on top of the archive system. 
      - Then there are contract functions, things to help other departments. Things like, automatic comparison of 
      contracts, automatic reconciliation, making addons more convenient, and more. Those deal with the archive, 
      make changes to the archive, but are not about archive management. They are a rough interface for people 
      who deal with contracts but don't make or organize assets. 
      - 

Todays Notes: 2025-03-10
>> killing it today with the program, got the xml export down. Contract body and metadata sections are done, 
need to figure out the unique sign list function. 
> proceed with testing the xml parser for contract cleaner
> work on implementing the xml embed feature
> we should make a ui for the identify script, something more like a debug console

Todays Notes: 2025-02-28
> implement select sames for indesign


Todays Notes: 2025-02-27
> the contract object 
0: section_id
1: spotting_key
2: sign_count
3: sign_description
4: ea_cost
5: total_cost
6: client
7: contact
8: contract_number
9: revisions
10: project_name
11: contract_file


> we are pivoting. Now that clean contract alpha is stable enough to work on top of, it's time for making the 
adobe scripting happen. 
   + book template. 
   + file creation
   + 
> need to ask Jose about where he pulls the pricing for signs from. will be useful later. 
> back to the testing suite. 
> we need to be able to pull in clean contracts without much fuss anyway so there is that aspect of it. 

Todays Notes: 2025-02-26
> we are coding for the rest of the week starting tomorrow morning
> the benefits outway any problems cutting it close with book timings. m wants to get ahead on their end so they put us behind and never allow
time for adjustment, improvement, etc.
> 

Todays Notes: 2025-02-24
> pickup at site and dims tomorrow
> we are going to continue working through the testing suite this week. It will save time in the long run, being able to verify contracts before
passing them onto a human. 
> Main challenges will be moving the verified data into a SQL db and then writing the mechanisms to retrieve that data for the programs we want 
to be writing in the future. For example, how do we get Extendscript to run node programs without passing them through the adobe interpreter? 
If there are going to be any utilities that leverage the database, that challenge must be met. Another would be pushing all of this data into 
an interface that others will not complain about too much. I don't really look forward to writing that aspect, as it's the only part mgmt is 
vaguely familiar with. They will attempt to exert their influence as a result. If we get ahead of their needs and implement according to actual
constraints and not their personal feelings then I won't have to change too much. Again this is about doing something correctly, not doing something
that makes them feel in charge. 
> Writing the SQL will be interesting and a good skill to reinforce. We have notes that cover most of the basics, should review. Postgres is different then SQLite, 
but the fundamentals will largely be transferable. 
> What tests did we leave off with? We are working through verifying contracts that have been processed. There are three main errors I'm seeing: 
   + An issue pushing the section column, there appears to be a text match that isn't catching on more than half the documents. 
   + There is a row that is filled with garbage that keeps getting pushed onto the clean contract. Unsure why. 
   + A line item is dedicated to DESIGN/LAYOUT/PRODUCTION, should get stripped off the final form probably. 
   This is a document for the sign team, not for billing or anything else yet. That can happen later. If it's not a sign IDGAF. 
   + Another problem is that lines are not being appended to their above cell sometimes. Mostly in entry signage. 

Todays Notes: 2025-02-21
> CREATE, READ, UPDATE, DELETE -- CRUD
> BACKEND FIRST -- FRONT END IS LIBRARIAN, BACKEND IS THE LIBRARY ITSELF
> AUTHENTICATION -- CHECK USERS, EG. FIREBASE 
> SETTING UP THE DATABASE -- MONGO, POSTGRES, MYSQL, ETC
> PAGINATION -- OFFSETS, SKIPS, LIMIT -- RESEARCH MORE
> VIEW JS, REACT, HTML, CSS, JS
> HOW TO CACHE DATA, SAVING THINGS IN GLOBAL STATE, REDUCERS, RECOIL
> FLUX PATTERN, REDUX PATTERN -- RESEARCH
> STRONG AND ROBUST STRUCTURE
> ROLE BASED AUTHENTICATION
> REAL TIME UPDATES WITH WEB-SOCKETS -- RESEARCH
> ELASTIC SEARCH, DIFFERENT SEARCH PATTERNS -- RESEARCH 
> FORM VALIDATION -- ZOD, REACT FORM -- RESEARCH
> SECURITY -- DATA SANITIZATION, API RATE LIMITING
> CACHING, LAZY LOADING -- REDIS -- RESEARCH
> DEPLOYMENT AND SCALING -- FIREBASE HOSTING, AWS, S3 BUCKET
> CI/CD PIPELINES -- RESEARCH 
> GITHUB ACTIONS, LOGGING -- RESEARCH 

Todays Notes: 2025-02-20
> how to check against a template for the contract
   + the weird page spread thing that happens
   + the legal jargon at the bottom of the page
   + header and footer on each page
   + section row with subtotal 
   + it should say "SIGNAGE PROGRAM" at the bottom of the metadata section
      - this should get added to the metadata section 
> getting below "DESIGN / LAYOUT / PRODUCTION" and cutting that


Todays Notes: 2025-02-19
> update portfolio with three of the best books I've completed
> lets find some work where they value comptency 

Todays Notes: 2025-02-17
> the script shouldn't bother with renaming files, the data is too fucked. 
> need to pull the metadata header out and add columns for it
> then we work on creating different form filters. It's crazy they function. 
> 

> to create a directory of source files that links to the user files, we would have to store production files where people don't 
expect them to be. The added effort isn't worth the extra control over versions and usage. Simply locking files that shouldn't move
will have to be enough for now. 

Todays Notes: 2025-02-11
> more lakehaven today, working through amenity and site
> dimensions added to most, need to upload my prod to bu tonight

> script idea
   + select same character


Todays Notes: 2025-02-10
> tooling progress was good this past weekend. Need to get the cli aspect locked down, and understanding a procedure for batching the files. 
   + still need a means for archiving, but we've done something like that in bash before. Worth reviewing that code. 
   + speaking of bash, we need a way to find and then reference a list of file paths on the server. Want to create a reference for finding 
   contracts without having to use the server too much. If we have to manually copy them that's fine. Not sure about our permissions. 
   Nothing nefarious obviously, and would rather do tests on a few local copies before running the program at scale. Need 100 samples to start.  
   Or honestly, 10 sets of 100 random samples. That would be best. 
   + the batching shouldn't be terribly hard. Basically, from the cli we can load a destination to copy the cleaned contracts to, and an arbitrary list 
   of files. Since we have put making this tool for others on the shelf, can just put the script into our path somehow and call it a day. 
   + Lets consider Carmac and his legacy. The level of focus and drive is really what I care about, his politics are shit. 60 hr weeks his entire career. 
   No public facing burnout. Pacing yourself and getting stronger, better endurance is the first part. Then getting more done with less time. Being nimble 
   and constantly in charge of your own fate, not allowing the corporate bullshit to stop your progress. Just getting  the work done, in the 
   clever way, in the efficient and lasting way.  
   + should work on design stuff today. need to get lakehaven along, the second turn has been sitting. Even though production just got to the first. 
   +  
> Lakehaven 
   + spotting for remainder
   + remainder of buildings, amenity, site. 
   + lets find what we can copy from bldg 1 first
   + make sure the live art relects any changes we've made. 
   + then we can do elevations for the unit spreads
   + then dimension and scale...
   + and finally we can comp the book. 
   + todos - got through the spotting for everything, fullscale for all buildings 

Todays Notes: 2025-02-03
> pickup design tomorrow
   + adding assets to North Ranch book, need to spot building ids on elevations, tomorrow we finish the book. 
> We are going to fully dive in to making this tool for ourselves. I was taking too much input from the team and not doing enough observation. 
This is something that needs to be developed separately from the input of mgmt. They actually don't understand the problems that need to be solved. 
If they understood the problems at hand, why are those same problems still plaguing the company? These people in mgmt have been here for 5+ years and yet
the issues remain unsolved. It is time for thinking outside the box and implementing effective change, with or without permission to do so. I am so tired
of wasting my time on petty trivialities and technical debt. Having to convince someone to just use screenshots over slack instead of printing off a
paper page and walk across the building to show me what's on it is crazy. Having to show someone that they just use the latest revision number for a file
is silly, when this person has been there longer than most. It's just not affordable to limit ourselves to the abilities of the lowest common denominator. 
I can make something that does the job of ten people. Lets do that. 

> The goals
   > single database that is searchable and informative, IE we can search for a sign type by job, a job for a given sign type, sign type by sections, etc.
   > it would also be useful to be able to point where a given asset is on the server from a database query, being able to arrange files in a way 
   that makes that easier in the future. 
   > generating indesign templates from job data - filling in pages with descriptions and spotting labels, naming pages based on section, filling in 
   customer and job information automatically, storing these files on the server in a structured manner. 
   > pre-building illustrator files based on sections, adding templates of signs according to a concept package, pulling past examples of jobs into 
   a single form so the operator can have access to past changes or notes that were made for the client, pre-filling sign verbiages
   > a library of extendscript programs that can be run from the browser to pull data from live illustrator files, perform operations on files, 
   automate placing assets into an indesign document. 
   > 


> The outline 
   + Data is the beginning and end for this project. 
   + Currently all the data is trapped inside excel files. It needs to all get unwrapped and put into a single repository.
      1. Unwrapping the data - this is done, we have the script that scrubs all the garbage from the contracts and makes a new, structured  excel file. 
      2. Data repository - we need a place to put all the data, something that is flexible and fast. Needs to work with node. 
         > MySQL is on npm 
         > PostgreSQL is on npm
         > SQLite
         > NoSQL
         > Redis
      3. Need a script to find all the contracts in the server and scrub them in batch. Need to back them up first. 
      4. then a script to drop the scrubbed contracts into the database. 
      5. something to visualize the data in a browser
      6. search, filters, editable lines, updates to the database repo, and something to mark job completion 
      7. make it shareable with other users, at least in read only format to start. So proj mgmt can happen between operator and mgmt. 
      8. something to prep the data for being used in adobe scripts. Need some custom objects, serializing to JSON. 
      9. a place to add build descriptions
      10. something to display unique signs 
      11. single repository display - ability to search through all the data if requested. That means signs for every job for the past ten years. 
      12. basic user accounts - need designers and project managers to have access but differing privileges. 
      13. something to back up the data in case there are problems
      14. revision tracking and simpler reconcilliation with the initial contract. 
      15. labeling sign types / classes at the database level 
   + The templates and asset management
      1. format template according to variables in the job data. 
      1.2 label sections of book with spotting bubbles
      1.3 create frames of given size according to sign type, asset size
      1.4 create text boxes for sign name 
      2. load build descriptions from user input in the live contract application
      2.1 create index pages from unique builds
      3. build illustrator files from section data
      3.1 create tags that can be applied to the assets within a given file. Tags have an "applied" or "un-applied" state. 
      3.2 tags have their own layer, they appear on screen but can be hidden or removed manually. 
      3.2.1 tags will need a mechanism to attach to the asset that isn't a group 
      3.3 multiple instances of the same tags will assume unique assets are being tagged, and will number each asset with the contract key (A:1, A:2, etc)
      3.3.1 
      4. load concept templates into illustrator files
      4.1 concept specific tags
      4.2 a feature that would let you transfer tagged assets from one file to another 
      5. load assets from illustrator files into book template
      6. crossreference with live contract to check for levels of completion
       

Todays Notes: 2025-01-29
> alternatives to "Creative Directors"
   + homogenizing creative output is a goal for business, because it makes production and profit more reliable. 
   You lose your soul the moment profit becomes the goal anyway so why maintain the facade this is about anything else. 
   But the role of "Director" in a process that is inherently collaborative has a number of downsides. 
      1. It enforces the voice of a person who is fundamentally fallible. 
      2. Any discussion that is not determined by the director is liable to move in a direction that would make them uncomfortable or 
      challenge their preconceived notions. 
      3. Their reliance on hierarchy and authority requires them to shut down ideas before they have a chance to develop. 
      The main reason being anything that might become the "better" idea is perceived as competition rather than progression. 
      4. It's boring. Getting designs that fit in the same wheelhouse has its uses, but individuals have taste and bias, and over time that
      enforces repetition and copying rather than invention and creativity under constraint. 
      5. It's annoying. People get burnt out by the faux art bro pinterest enthusiast with a superiority complex telling you what is and is not good 
      and then gaslighting the entire department about being open minded. It's more than annoying it's exhausting. Just shut up, your life would 
      be easier in a collaborative environment. You'd just have to stop stroking your ego for three seconds maybe. 
      6. Teams will always catch more problems and come to better solutions. A truly democratic process obviously challenges this nonsense idea
      of the overly talented creative genius, a mythology constructed by satans marketing team to be sure. Democracy is also slow by comparison 
      to the "benevolent dictator" model that a "creative" director represents. 
      7. Democracy is also difficult. Offloading the stress of making truly interesting work onto one person is an easy cop-out. You create 
      a mythology of genius or talent, a single mode of production becomes the standard, and within that domain everything is judged against 
      that subjective standard. A design standard is usually an arbitrary collection of rules and standards that has MUCH more to do with design constraints
      rather than a persons judgement, but those constraints are portrayed as "good design / bad design" in this top-down director scenario. 
      Really, if the client is approving things and the money is coming in, what gets made is wide open. Accesibility and functionality come next in 
      importance (within this business setting). Then the work-life balance of your team that's producing these objects. Then the interpersonal growth
      of your team as it collaborates over time. THEN the whims of the more experienced. AND EVEN THEN. They are whims. Not rules, standards, 
      objective assessments of the task at hand. Just personal taste. 
   + I cannot wait to be out from under the thumb of morons who prioritize "experience" over testing and observation. 


> what my "directors" mean by "consistency"
   + they want the elements they put in the design to stay the same throughout. This means if they didn't do it, it can change. If they did, it cannot. 
   + shapes, ratios, layouts, basically anything with any depth, that is secondary to them. 
   + color, font, materials. That's all they care about. They have favorites that they copy from job to job and don't usually deviate from them.  
   + and always remember, they perceive themselves as more gifted than anyone who is required by their job to bring them artwork, so they will
   be inclined to change it arbitrarily. Make things so boring and simple they can't argue. Playing safe is the only way to avoid pedantry. 
   + they will use the wrong words to describe things. For instance "more linear": he means easier to read, reduce the tracking. Again there is a 
   sense of false superiority, so they will pass on information as if they are a sphinx giving a riddle to a weary traveler. Be ready to strip 
   interpretation and understand the means of producing the nonsense that comes from them. 
   + most important: show them parts and pieces, and let them chew on something you haven't put work into. That way they can't sit there and waste 
   your time as they are want to do. 
   + they also change their mind on a regular basis and set "standards" that change day by day. You not being up to date on their thoughts that morning
   will be perceived as being untalented. Be sure to not say anything disagreeable or you're not 100% sure of, because they are incapable of conversation
   only "direction". 
   + Fucking jobs man. What a waste of creative potential here. 

> the fource brand book
   + there are rules these chuds abide by, and understanding those rules in depth through study will save me time, effort, frustration, sanity, etc.
   + The golden rule: The nail that sticks out will get hammered down. So even if the shape is ugly and not needed somewhere else, repeat for the 
   sake of homogeny. They would rather have 10000 clones of the same tired look than 10 excellent but heterogenous styles they have to work from. 
   Categories to consider: 
      1. Fonts - there are collections of fonts that the lead designers put in everything and will judge all other fonts by. 
         > display type
         > body types
      2. Colors - They want the colors from concept replicated basically by rote through every single sign. They for some reason let the client 
      pick the color combinations for signs. 
         > often determined by material. 
         > Paints, Acrylics, Vinyls
      3. Sign styles - so there are sign classes, and then there are sign styles within these classes. Basically once the constraints are met they 
      only want those styles in place: if they haven't seen that sign class in the known style, they will consider it wrong. 
      4. Symbols - these are constrained by the materials more than taste, for some reason they reuse the same ugly symbols that are saved on the server. 
      The symbols will be dictated by the sign class. 
      5. 
> Testing
   + We are limited to past examples more than anything else. There isn't much I can do to test a combination of material, other than by sorting through
   a graveyard of fuckups. 
   + need to determine a method here.     


Todays Notes: 2025-01-28
> issues with Aero
   + D - GRG Stair/LVL/Exit - inside stairwell or outside
   + H:2 - Location
   + Where is pool equipment? 
   + Building to Garage - they are listed in garage and building section. is this a contract error, or does the placement need to be different? 
    

Todays Notes: 2025-01-26
> alright alright so we are trying a few new things out on this job, mostly around setup. 
   + single file for all spotting links
   + working through the build index from the start
   + LABELING in AI, SPOTTING in indesign. 
   + we should be thinking through the materials more upfront, especially before we iterate any signs
     There are guaranteed to be production issues with the files, because they aren't made for production they are made for clients approval. 
     It is worth noting that these files are in front of M3 and other lead designers and the issues aren't caught or even asked about. 
   + lets legitimately work through making the node program a simple cli thing. being able to run it anywhere would be delightful. 
     There is also practical application of this, we can work through some UI problems that will get picked up creating a web app for it.

> it's worth noting that Allied Plastics is just a distributor, they don't have shit in regards
to product data. They have sale and transaction data, which is useful to them but idgaf about. 
   + if we were contracted to make some analysis of FRCs purchases, that'd be a different story. 


Todays Notes: 2025-01-25
> so we need to improve the useability of the contract script, just enough so that its got a simple cli


Todays Notes: 2025-01-22
> continuing the stack of materials idea, there would have to be a phase enforced by the program where builds are defined by the 
user in some fashion. It could have the ability to read our current description format, but it should be a form that the user 
enters each material in one at a time and adds them to a build index. This would allow the program to correlate builds with tags,
which would mean builds could be stored in a database along with contract data and etc consistently. 
   + the build phase would be during tag generation, which based on the program outline would likely be a table form that's hosted
   from a server. This means anyone associated with the project could alter a build. That's complicated though. 
   + i'm thinking a UI where there is the sign class above, a little list box below, there is a plus button on the left hand side,
   and each plus essentially adds a newline where an entire material description will get placed. 
   + you can order the different materials in the stack by dragging and dropping them in the UI, or by giving them different numbers.
   + the program will read their absolute value based on their order in the list, and then can check the tagged asset against 
   the material stack. This would mean you can audit the builds before even building a book, which sounds like saved time to me. 
   + during the book generation script, tagged assets would get linked to their respective pages according to like sections
   and then like builds. That would mean the user can quickly scan the book to make sure nothing broke along the way. 
   + even if in the beginning the book script only creates the index for assets and for builds, that would save an enormous amount
   of time. I'm thinking like a glossary of everything at the end of a book template. At that point you are composing your own
   pages, but everything that's tagged will be included by default. If the program is structured correctly, that would mean 
   the work of checking the book against the contract is largely done. 
   
> tags will just be identifiers defined in the contract, which is another matter. The scripting logic won't deal directly 
with parsing contracts and other company data, it will simply receive data from the larger program, executing the extendscript. 
Mostly because extendscript is sluggish to write in, and I don't want it to play with Node nicely. Like essentially, our Node 
program is just calling pre-written extendscript utilities from a library. By separating the two the Extendscript program
can be much simpler.
   + drag and drop tags from a table or list view
   + assign tags from selection 
   + assign tags by name? sounds gross. But the end result would be a very organized file. This could be part of assignment. 
   + part of the tagging table would be an expected count. That way an eventual export script could do auditing for the user. 
    


Todays Notes: 2025-01-21
well yesterday was eventful, glad nothing broke lmao. 

> so, had an idea for the sign program. Basically each build is just a stack of materials. So the next script should be 
one that can group overlapping entities and then count the number of elements in each stack. A sub problem here is understanding
the compositions of each layer of the sign according to a build description. 


Todays Notes: 2025-01-16
> ask abt maintenance and garage plate change, also the detached garage units are different between current plans and their addressing


Todays Notes: 2025-01-15
> sanding mops attached to drill for clearing up acrylic "banding" ? 
> slotting acrylic for flush hanging ? What kind of hardware? 

> ask aw about package room vs package overflow for Jefferson Lakehaven
> ask CT abt lakehaven material change

> notes on laser engraving
   + don't use PVC, ABS, vinyl, pleather, fiberglass, epoxy
   + fire safety, ventilation, eye protection
   + raster engraving vs vector engraving 
   + 
   + 

> No more, today was the last try hard day. 


Todays Notes: 2025-01-13
- worth writing this down for the future, to create text links so there is a main text that will update linked copies, 
simply "place and link" in the edit tab while your main text is selected. 



Todays Notes: 2025-01-10
- over by 4 hrs, calling it in. 
   > pickup: finish build index pages
   > linking build index pages, review process
   > wall signs for EV parking? 
   > should they be pan ?
   > wanna move the USPS sign to GRG section for clarity
   > all the missing or duplicate garage signs, who did this contract lol
   > 
   > scaled and dimmed, then book comps. 
   > 
   
Todays Notes: 2025-01-07
- tomorrow lets address
   > spotting for the mail sign (LCES) located in the grg
   > how to spot the delivery sign 
   Build the rest of these signs and get book assets ready this is taking too long

- we should compile our work notes, a lot of it is in our memory and not explicitly written somewhere. 
   > LCES
   - Awning signs - needs 1 or 2 elevation details, showing the front facing layout and the profile 
   Illuminated or Non-Illuminated, C-Channel or square-tube w/ flange
   painted aluminum and acrylic (white, high contrast)
   - Address Numerals - Aluminum numbers, usually vertical at leasing main entrance
   - Door Vinyl - Some combination of logo, website URL, phone number, and often hours, either on one door panel or two
   - "Do not lock..." is some copy that goes at the bottom of the right-hand door panel, facing outside, placed on interior glass
   - Future Resident Parking - Post and Panel, base-plate or post mount, aluminum and vinyl
   - Handicap parking - usually van accessible is added after the fact, indicates handicap parking space, ADA rules
   - USPS parking sign - usps logo and copy, close to entrance that leads to mail/pkg room
   
   > LCIS
   - Front of House 
   - Semi front of House
   - Back of House
   - Policies
   - Max Occupancies
   - Desktop Packages
   - Fire signs - Fire Riser Room, FDC Sign, FACP id
   + May be spread across multiple levels
   + May include amenity signs
   + Almost always includes the leasing area
   
   > Garage
   - Stairwell 
   - Elev. Egress
   - Trash
   - EV charging sign
   - Trash Pickup
   - Building to Garage
      >> Garage to Building
   - Enter / Exit / Gate Warning Sign Combo

   > Site
   - 

   > Building X
   - Building IDs w/ Unit Spreads
   - Building Access 
   - Stair Access
   - Hallway Directionals
   - Unit IDs

   + any exterior signs should be marked so

   > Amenity
   > Addons

Todays Notes: 2025-01-06
- notes to ask AW about regarding this Jefferson Job
   > the garage floor plates are different than the paper plans. 
   > 

- here are my workflow thoughts. If it doesn't impede production, as in does not stop the job from progressing and doesn't slow
things down more than  another process, it is probably a non-issue. If it's just not what certain individuals are used to seeing, 
then the trade offs need to be evaluated carefully and empirically. hypothesis, testing and experimentation, analysis of results. 
Because mixed signals can be a cause of confusion, slow down, etc, that is worth taking into account. 
But if people are being stubborn or resistant to small changes that improve the quality of life for others significantly, that is 
more of a problem than some confusion during a transition. 

When you're trying to please people rather than fulfill design constraints, then you are basing your work off of the lowest common 
denominator. What works for everyone is by definition never the best product, most effective method, etc. 

That being said, there are a plethora of innefficiencies here at Fource. From project management, to design, to fabrication, there 
are too many people saying different things. The unifying problem is that design constraints are being ignored from the inception 
of a job to the delivery of the final product. 

It needs to be known by the person making a bid that a sign of a certain type will cost a given amount. That means the person 
making a bid needs to understand what it really takes to fabricate and install these signs. It's a decision that should be based
in data, and against current cost of doing business. That means materials and labor costs for our fabricators. That means 
understanding what design options exist already and what space exists for new ideas. That means being able to actually make deals 
with a client instead of pandering to their every need. 

You wouldn't have to pander to their every need if the jobs didn't take so long. If you could tell them, this will deliver in 6 
weeks and make good on that  repeatedly over the course of a year, the markup won't be a problem for these people. 
That is what makes a successful brand. Business that keeps a promise. 

And this circles back to the original point: just because something has been a certain way in the past, does not mean that is 
what's best for today. "It's always been this way!" is no point at all. So what? Are we 10 years in the past? Are we ordering 
material from companies that never experienced COVID? Is paper only getting more expensive? Aluminum? Acrylic?
What is the cheapest thing to change? A procedure. And as designers procedure is what we do all day every day.  We can change
an entire workflow or asset pipeline in a day, and the gains could be massive. If all it takes to make that happen is certain
people who've been at the company for a long time changing a few habits, then in a perfect world they'd change immediately. 

Every single department here could be 100% more productive, minimum. That's going from a month per book to two weeks. A whole
day for revisions to a few hours. That's aligning with production so they are in the loop from the start. That's never printing
a single thing until it's been approved by a client. That's pricing being precise from the start. That's every job is in a usable
record that can be accessed by anyone quickly. Complaining about page numbers not looking like you're used to is a waste of my time.
It's a waste of time for everyone in this building. It's a waste of time for our clients. 

I think when presenting these ideas, it's important to stress that the current situation is a result of years and years of adaptation. 
People have been adapting to situations to get the job done for decades. But these bandaid solutions cannot last. In 
fact eventually, these bandaid solutions becoming standard practice hurt more than the original problem.
By not solving the problem and only temporarily addressing a symptom, you steal time from everyone here in the future. Time that
could be spent with kids, at home, sleeping, making more money, literally anything more useful than burning it up for nothing.
As designers we are positioned to address the underlying causes here. 

If it's not emprical, it's opinion. I don't make designs based on opinion. 


- our sheet cleaning tool works but I'm worried it's not robust to base the rest of our program on top of. 
   + It's hard to admit but all of that code is just the first pass on the data. Its one step of the first pass really. 
   + We need to create "clean" sheets for every contract before we run another script that puts it into mySQL tables. 
   + That's a huge step. Once we are there it will be much easier to pull JSON data for any future Extendscript nonsense. 
   I'm imagining entering a job code, or client code(?), and having all of your "tags" generated. All that's needed is 
   placing them onto assets once complete. 
      > need a basic UI at this point for testing. 
      > there are problems with this scenario already, mostly to do with updating to latest revisions. Again I'm the only
      person using this system, everyone else will still be HAND-WRITING data, scanning it, printing it out again like 
      this is some Kafkaesque dystopia. 
      > which brings us to the current problem again. 
   + We need a bash script that will periodically scan the contract server and make a list of all the excel files that are 
   newer than 2016. Why 2016? Because that's when the contract become somewhat consistent, and moved from xls to xlsx. 
   Once that list of path names to those contracts is generated we need to copy it somewhere that won't fk the server up 
   if I'm not careful. 

   + and a note on XLSX-2.js -- really need to refactor at least the variable names. I don't remember shit. 
   

- want to make a tool to automaticaly organize and process assets from scans of drawings. 
    + openCV
    + canvas api
    + there are ai options but I'm not interested atm


Todays Notes: 2025-01-03
- should read through the object section a few times, we also need to write up a practical for it. There are a ton of details. 
- the array and object tricks in the book are extremely valuable. Again, worth writing up functioning examples. 
   function exampleOfObjIteration(obj) { // etc };
   
Todays Notes: 2025-01-02
- lets improve our macros in vim at some point.
   + notes
   + markup (HTML, CSS)
   + JS - objects, classes, functions, loops
   
Todays Notes: 2024-12-31
- this textbook doesn't have any test problems so far. Might need to write some of my own to reinforce these ideas. 
   + we're gonna do one full pass through the text while taking notes, then work through practical projects as tests. 


Todays Notes: 2024-12-23
- stepping back from the rush jobs for the next three weeks. 
   + Refocus on the coding and database project. We are going to commit to learning and implementation. 
   + The end goal is a functional prototype that we can show off to garner interest from MGMT. 
   + Also we have a show next year and need to be researching. That's largely unrelated, but our reading 
   can include artistic and design related resources that we follow up on later. 
   + might be time to call it on the cadecademy stuff. They are generally good lessons, but we need to step up the 
   rigor before we can call ourselves a programmer. If this is something I'm doing to make money and build serious software 
   I need to reorient my mind towards an engineering perspective, a mathematical perspective, while keeping hold of my 
   creative context. 


Todays Notes: 2024-12-22
- pick up on descriptions, elevations for building ids

Todays Notes: 2024-12-20
- working through stoobs
   + 

Todays Notes: 2024-12-19
- It's worth always putting the builds in LCIS first, then in Building X
   + Just because of the order of the books. 

Todays Notes: 2024-12-18
- I don't want to put anything in the book before I show it to Ryan, b/c I am so short on time. Having to remake 
copies of prod artwork is silly. 
   + This raises the question: do we need scaled copies? 
   + Yes, there are issues with the fully scaled artwork also being the book artwork. 
- left off adding builds to lcis in lakeview or lakehaven or w/e the fk
- drop in artwork, add desc, print and SHIP IT BROTHER

Todays Notes: 2024-12-17
- about 1 step away from putting listeners on every file I work on to monitor who uses them when. 
- lakehaven is on track to be done by friday. need to dim and book things tomorrow after meeting with ryan. 

Todays Notes: 2024-12-16
- worth thinking about reusable book pages, rather than reusable assets. Or just both at once. 
   + templates are good but are they faster than dropping assets in the typical way? 
   + some things, like desktop packages, rarely if ever change. So creating a static book page for them would be much faster.
- T altered my time card today. Crazy she can just do that and there aren't any repercussions. 
   + You'd get 3 warnings and then we'd be looking for a new person who can use the software properly. 
   + She's still trying to say I did something wrong when it's literally on record of her changing it. So nuts. 
   + Tacara tonight when we get home. 

Todays Notes: 2024-12-15
- no more copy fucking paste from excel fuck me, and fuck you adobe
- working on a sunday, i'm goin to purgatory
- left off on spotting for amenity, site, bldg 2, barn reno
   + suspect they'll want either site or amenity in the first set of revisions
   + we have time during the week and another weekend with fewer responsibilities, so handle the JPI job this week.
Todays Notes: 2024-12-14
- Working on a weekend smh
- Goals for template today:
   + useful ToC that will export bookmarks with a pdf 
      - change the sign class p style to something the toc logic can use
      - create separate turn p styles so there can be multiple toc's in the same document
   + exploring useful interactivity features and brainstorming their potential application at fource (and in general)
   + making the standard template more complete, adjusting certain features to be closer to the final product 
   Remember to bring the template back over to this machine. 
   + potentially using the snippet and content collector, though doesn't seem especially useful here. 
   + running into a potential problem where the page numbering system is likely doing too many things at once. 
      - supposedly handling revisions, which is stupid. 
      - page numbers - which it doesn't do because they want things in sections, but the method makes the book harder to navigate.
      - section title - this could just be a running footer or header element, would accomplish the same thing.
      - whether it's a spotting page or not, again this should just be a running header/footer


Todays Notes: 2024-12-12
- so the sheet scrubbing program works almost completely on a fresh contract.
   + slight issue with the regex that replaces "continued" where the previous contract had pages. 
   + next steps: create the function that will call the file system handler, and a function to process multiple selected files
   As well, a case statement that will handle different file types. 
   + There is a need to include data besides the sign line items, like job number, client, etc. There needs to be a plan for that.
   + 

Todays Notes: 2024-12-11
- interesting day. to find our center, we must recite our goals and motivation. There is a project unfolding at our will. This 
project is larger than us, the trivialities of the moment, the mundane to horrid interactions with the people around us. 
We are here to preserve a future for our loved ones and for ourselves. The nonsense of each day is just a whisper in the hurricane. 

- steubing - 
   + lets test node programs on the contract. great first trial. 
   + let

- working on LB-1 today and finishing the alta monarch remainder in the second half
- music is wonderful for the spirit but it takes so much attention 
- should create the job folder for tacara stuebing


Todays Notes: 2024-12-10
- export monarch first turn
- complete the dimensions for monarch 2nd turn
- tomorrow we compose the remainder of the book. 

- BOMB SCRIPT IDEA - create color palette from rowmark color codes / name, and reverse
- LB-1 is making strides. We are closer to the database goal. 

Todays Notes: 2024-12-05
- Design training today. 
   + There is something to be said about the intersection of art, design, and informatics where the goal is purely aesthetic
   as this  relates to my current skill set. 
   What are the relations between SS (skill set) and design? 
      - design software (Adobe, GNU, tiny bit of FIGMA)
      - photography, photo editing techniques, composition of photo
      - color theory, applied color theory in print and photo
      - sign design, tools and fabrication processes, industry knowledge / standards, materials
      - research methodology, self teaching, expirimentation, understanding of historical movements, evaluating contemporaries
      - 
   + What are some ways that we can utilize similair conceptual interests in different workflows? 
   + How do we build different workflows? Is there a general strategy that will always improve the project? 
   + 

Todays Notes: 2024-12-03
- monarch stuff - deciding what to focus on for second half. I think spotting and fullscale artwork.
  

Todays Notes: 2024-12-02
- some codeCademy today, sorting algorithms 
- want to work on LB-1
- UPDATING TEMPLATES
   + want a ToC in the template that will base each section name off the signs on that page. Idk. 
   + find and replace tags for descriptions?  
- new book, two books otw out that need polish and such 
   + tomorrow update the stairwell sign template and the bubble arrows - arrows need to be flat and wide rather than curved and narrow
- a simple VBA (LOL) script that exports a working copy for indesign and still lets me keep the cute lil template I made. 

   

Todays Notes: 2024-11-26
- indesign notes
   + The Goal: 
      - Learn in depth about the indesign program. We know all the basic features and many of the these advanced techniques.
      But the application is important. Is reflowing text something we can leverage more, is GREP replace useful in the FOURCE
      context, etc. The linked tables are certainly interesting and useful, probably the best example of knowledge meeting practice
      so far. They should just be easier to use. 
      - rebuild the excel job worksheet template to be simpler and more compatible with other programs. May just make a CSV version. 
      
   + libraries 
   + stroke styles
   + paragraph styles connect with the table of content feature
   + some details about tables, it's easy to just link a simple table from excel. Doesn't work with xlsm
   + anchor objects 
   + grep to replace custom tags 
      - text formatting for specific patterns
      - using the GREP paragraph style 
      - using nested styles
      - use to create material callouts in descriptions with more emphasis 
      - 
   + using nested styles and style sequences 
      - combine with object styling 
      - keep options
      - span and split commands for text reflowing 
      - you can import styles from the style panel, hit the hamburger and then simply load styles from a document. 
   + exploring object styles 
      -
   + 
   + 

- 11/26 m3 to RF office, maybe three minutes looking through stuff on desk. 

- should take a look into the template library. There are assets that just don't work very well. 
   + Remove clipping masks
   + Check for duplicate lines
   + Fill any strokes that aren't essential
   + variations in sizes
   + groups that make sense
   + labels 
   + consolidate assets into files that make sense -- too much shit in templates folder
   + descriptions repo
   + materials repo and wiki
      - trick here is to make it something we can easily drop into indesign and work from there.   
      Something like a tagging system that would be replacable. Like knowing there are only 10 unique builds
      would make that very possible. 
      - then having something on the server that is consolidated. 
      - adobe libraries
   + 

   + STEPS FOR LINKING XLSX TO INDESIGN
      - Preferences/File Handling -> Press the Create links when placing text and spreadsheet files

Todays Notes: 2024-11-25
- Use Anki for flashcards
   + Need to make sets for array, string methods
   + make a set for general javascript knowledge and tricks
   + make a set for data structures: refer to notes and we will add them as we go.
   + 
- making our notes a bit more engaging to work with. Something where we can embed images and then jump to topics more easily. 
   + take current notes and bring them into this new context
   + understand and template adding images to the notes sections
   + make a natural typographic transition for each section in notes

- generally, we just need to get better at programming. This means doing practice problems, reviewing notes, doing practical
projects in different environments, doing tutorials, reading advanced books with problems and solutions. 
   + Everything needs to be faster. Better recall of language patterns, immediate understanding of the context for a given problem. 
   + 
- solutions 
   + flashcard problems, separated in a way that will grow well. Array patterns, object patterns, data structures, general language
   + review notes. There should be dedicated time each day for a notes review. Should go back at least a few days. To stay fresh. 
   + Practice problems with LeetCode and Codecademy. These introduce use to many new concepts. They could be fleshed out more, 
   but that is a matter to follow up on with other methods.
   + Practical implementation. Understanding how these patterns are applied in the real world, to actually solve problems.    
   + Projects. These are longer term projects that can have any goal, but generally exist to test theory and practice. 
   + Reading documentation. There is sooo much documentation that we can go through, but language specific docs that deal with 
   the concepts we are currently focusing on will be helpful. Like can we implement all the array methods in JS? Do we know how to
   use each with confidence? The same with strings, objects, etc. 
   + Libraries. A lot of the learning with Javascript seems to lie in the libraries people have made. There are so many lessons  
   waiting in that documentation, and even more in the projects I build with them. 
   + That's plenty to start with. Need a good flashcard site, maybe eventually we can make a project to build one. 
   

Todays Notes: 2024-11-21
- check libraries
- leaving this north ranch business at the building 1 fire door do not block signs, need a profile and should be plastic. 
- finish book, then jump on the monarch changes


Todays Notes: 2024-11-20
- tired, just worked on design today. 
- scripts are still waitin! We have made significant progress.
- generally, there is the main contract object to finish before anything else. 
   + Then let's get the UI online so testing involves the visual design as well
   + Once both of those are ready and have been largely debugged, it's all about the labeling and build systems. 
   

Todays Notes: 2024-11-16
- working on notes integration for github acct
- want to work through the sheetjs basics
   + import/export workflow
   + scanning and parsing for terms
   + sieve - layers of filters in order to assemble the data in a regular manner.   
   + basic filtering of rows and columns -- aoa search and return 
   + generic search
   + 
Todays Notes: 2024-11-14
- Worked on Jefferson north ranch today, left it off at the elevation spotting for buildings. We'll complete spotting tomorrow. 
- sort've hit the motherload today with the tables for indesign. Extremely flexible. Can be linked to a separate xlsx file. 
Has robust formatting. Is automatically threaded and plays well inside its text box. Good tool. 
   + need to learn how to place them from the pages panel 
   + need to understand when the separate lists are connected vs not connected.  
   + and I know there has to be tricks with the graphic cells, because that looks too useful to not have tricks. 

Todays Notes: 2024-11-12

- holy moly. Their data is giga fucked. Who let this happen? It's like people have been throwing every piece of paperwork 
onto the floor of a random room in an abandoned building and forgetting about it for twenty years. 
- So this is the worst case scenario. Or one of them. There is no data. There is no SOP. The most tech they have is a local server
where people have been dumping stuff. There are folders and such but they haven't been cleaned in a million years.

- the first step would have to be normalizing the organization of the server. That would probably have to occur without permission. 
   + Which is hardly an option. So a duplicate of the contract directory. 
- then we'd assess methods for finding and separating all of the sheets from the directory. Which means identifying 
what sheets matter. There are dummy sheets that are just duplicates, filled with false information, or have data for something
other than the contract entirely.
- once the meaningful sheets are separated from the chaff, we would write a sheetjs script to pull out sections and client name and
place them into a single repository. As in one table. 
- If all of that happens, we can actually work with the data now. We can do things like reference past sign types, estimate
build costs of upcoming contracts, understand unique sign builds better.


- the more I think about it, the more external packages would be useful. What functionality exactly needs to be ecmascript 3 standard?

- lets do mostly coding today, and I want to take an abstract planning step. Brainstorming, charts, no limits until ideating
is complete. It will be important over the next few months and possibly years. 

   + go through scripts list 
   + go through bash script list
   + basically we need an ongoing notes repository that will concern itself only with documenting progress and working 
   through ideas in programming. It should probably run parallel with the notes program, like it also opens another text file at
   the same time. 

Todays Notes: 2024-11-11
- accumlated script ideas 
INDESIGN WISHLIST
   + fully object styled arrow templates
   + better ways to link text, preferably in a generic template
   + better ways to drop in styles from other documents
   + labels from contract script would be interesting, along with list from contract

   + can we scan a text box and remove the A. letters from a sign list?
   - regex search, match A., replace with ""
   + links and rasterItems collection today
   - how to embed links, use their path, relink broken links
   - rasterize vector,
   + a temp script would get me hard for all of next year.

   + lean away from OO
   + can we get NPM packages to play with scripts? The scripts would call regular javascript that is attached to libraries.
   + The problem there obviously is we have users so there needs to be a central location (server)
   + Their server is probably off limits for that sort of thing right now, though we could just do a local version
   to prove the point. It depends on how much time the packages would save compared to writing out everything that
   I would otherwise need.
   + lets play with symbols next. The CSV parser is important. Linked scripts is big. But symbols could solve a lot of problems.

   + an insanely powerful utility would be a master list of all the contracts in a single document
   solely for the purpose of searching it for examples to reference. Like oh what's this random fuck sign, currently
   the system is ask people until they all tell you to go to M3. So x3-x100 work. I'd rather do a ten minute search.

   + Great leeps and significant falls. Today we unearthed the .prototype method.
   - What does this mean? We can create the functionality of classes in extendscript despite the lack of modern conveniences.
   - The general idea here is: Make a series of classes that encapsulate one another down to the lowest common denominator.
   - That would be the individual sign components themselves.
   - We started with the Section class and that went farely well.
   - The problem arises from how we split newlines in our makeList function. There are newlines inside a number of cells.
   - This means we will process the CSV file character by character! Which will give us more flexibility in the end and doesn't
   look terribly complicated. But it's a lot more than our current makeList lol.
   - Keep brainstorming about this OO direction. It makes sense to me, given the API is OO.
   - But is it. Clean? Fast? Easy? Elegant? NO.

   + ok since the API is OO we should consider using OO methodology. There is a lot of prebuilt code we won't have to write again.
   + using Object.prototype notation will take some practice
   + Section and Sign objects should give us a lot of functionality.
   + The question is how should the list be passed to the Section object, should the object handle parsing the list
   - the answer is no I think, because the object itself is mostly just a container for information that's been cleaned.
   - a function cleans a contract and outputs simple tabular data. It creates a list of Section objects from data.
   - another function would add the signs of a section to the Section object.
   - we can call the Section object when we want to now if it has a specific sign, want to do something with the list of signs.
   - there may be an argument for creating a Contract object.

   + excellent progress today, despite all the failure.
     - added a helper function to read files and return their content
     - added to makeList, properly works through rows and cells so we can match txt
     - need to add some way to turn the line items into objects
     - would like to abstract the makeList "mapping" utility, so basically implement map.
     - want to be able to target the row, col, cell of any given table data more easily than writing the nested loop each time

   + finally have a vision for the export script
   - state export criterion
   - implement functions for each criterion
   - need to call the group overlapping script first
   - then iterate through all the object groups
   - for each object check against the export criterion
   - every object that doesn't meet a given criterion run the appropriate function
   - space each object according to it's position in the contract for that section (horizontal offset across pasteboard)

   + Working on labeler when I get a moment.

   + Everything worth using relies on the tagging script working for a document. Need tagging UI, tagging scheme, naming scripts
   ++ This one is priority, its essential functions will become a foundation.
   - consider global  edit according to tag 0.0

   + WAREHOUSE
   + MGMT needs some control knobs that make it easy to version control within the library.
   + There needs to be a scheme for storing things in the warehouse and sorting them to our needs
   + Will have to keep reiterting what a warehouse is for - allowing scripts to interact with data.
   Your templates are just data. Your job list is data. Your contract, concept books, filing "system", etc
   All of it is data that could be quarantined and SOP defined.
   + relinking broken path script - the point is for when files are transferred from a different file tree
      - part of share control bash script potentially
   + Copy and archive bash script for moving production artwork files into share folders
   - copy artwork files, case if Section copy to relative path from PAW to given Section folder - if existing PAW rename w/ rev, date
   + group unique, create order, assign groups by order - use case is fixing z position errors in bulk
   - sort unique page items, create group for each, move page items to groups, sort groups according to order
   + also worth investigating matrice transformations and their general application. Seems to make bulk transforms much faster.
   + This one is a stretch - double copy for book page asset spreads - one is link to production art and another copies the link w/
   dims from cad tools. Need to explore the reverse linking process.
   Good tools are ones built for a context.
   + Wow this isn't built in to 2024 indesign - a way to select all of same link throughout document
   - loop through all pages, for each page loop through all links, or just loop through all links of document, match link to selected
   link, delete and/or other command input
   + Create dimension from artwork - create spread for dimension copy
   + create layer diagram from artwork - separated and dimensioned layers from unique artworks
   + all of this procludes a labeling system that can identify sign types according to a contract
   - the problem is contracts are unreliable documents - they don't contain every sign by default
   Some is better than none however. The issue of contracts can be adjusted manually through user input.
   - will need UI, basic data handling (OO), and a method for dimming artworks
   + Is cad tools scriptable? Does the plugin conform to the illustrator api? - does not support scripting from api
   - so making the spreads for dimensions and separated layers would be worth it, and we can manually add dims or they can idc
   - copy tagged production art - rules for separating layers, rules for creating spread artboards
   + ugh another idea - order artboards according to name - meaning you can name alphabetically or numerically and rely on that order

- workflow ideas
   + do a list of builds at the start on first turn, and create dimmed artwork just for unique builds. Will save time. 
   + do a list of unique signs by level for everything on the first turn, will reduce repetitions. 
   + all spotting first as normal 
   + elevations inbetween step, after spotting but before full scale artwork starts
   - the reason is because you don't make the building id spreads until FS-AW phase, but you need the AW to spot on elevations. 
- finished the rylan fulfillment, just waiting on confirmation to export everything at once
- gonna coode

   + tagging
   + logging
   + templating and generic sign classes
   + warehousing
   + generation
   + file handling
   - Goal = ensure consistency, encourage collaboration, allow for oversight in art direction.



Todays Notes: 2024-11-10
+ uh rylan 
   - we need to spot all the buildings including elevations
   - then it's just adding signs from the first turn into the main book
   - scaling and putting in the pages
   + Lets review monarch and see what we were thinking template wise 
   + there are some script ideas I should add to one list 

   + are the plans labeled wrong? There is an overall for building 2 that should be building 3, confirmed by detail plans later
   in the book that show building 2 correctly labeled. -- it's a printers error, because the section is out of order. Someone 
   must've had to replace that section or otherwise reorder the file. Because they put bldg 3 in front of bldg 2. 

   + stair/level/exit
   - int to ext
   occasionally ext to int
   - ada
   braille
   dimensions
   - placed adjacent to portal for stairwell, opposite the hinges typically. 
   
   + stairwells - refer to ryans template in library
   + Hallway directionals - there are no rules, refer to the address plan and previous examples. 
      - simple over complicated for each decision
      - good contrast
      - cheap end of build, single plate with vinyl. 
   + fire signs - refer to ryans template file 
   + stair access - ext access, stair number required on tactile so unique copies
      - ada
      - semantic
   + 

+ INDESIGN WISHLIST
   + fully object styled arrow templates
   + better ways to link text, preferably in a generic template
   + better ways to drop in styles from other documents
   + labels from contract script would be interesting, along with list from contract
   

+ add to / create sop 
   - order of operation
      + Spotting
      + Generic book template
      + Full scale artwork to specifications
      + Scaled artwork w/ dimensions for book, to fabrication specifications
      + Book composition, notes for production, notes on edits made by clients, checklist of all signs
         - ToC would be extremely useful, need to understand the method
      + Edits from quality teams, which means AW and CT + CH. They do a thorough check according to their needs. 
      + Final book edits, sections, page numbers, etc.
      + Exports - not just print ready but build ready according to book specifications (descriptions)  

Todays Notes: 2024-11-08
- critiquing my own scripts should be more important. I'll get better this way. 
   + perhaps the direction of the last few weeks has been a bit off. The CSV parser would be huge, but not for illustrator.
   It's better suited for the work in indesign. Why? Because we have to paste like 30+ tables into indesign for every book. 
- finish and polish this sinclair beast 
- uh we should reference our rabbit hole from last night, because there was some really interesting tech in there to explore.
- these are for myself on the weekend, rylan fulfillment then but slow the roll on that one for sanity and time to write more. 



Todays Notes: 2024-11-07
- scripts to do
   + the setColor function sets the color according to the list of provided objects, but the recursion isn't working. 
   Not sure why. I think maybe the recursive call isn't receiving the initial parameters, or the list parameter isn't 
   being used correctly in the recursive call. Will think of a way to test. 
 

- color type names in AI
   + CMYKColor
   + RGBColor
   + GrayColor
   + I think all the other colors are calculated from RGB/CMYK 
   + just going to handle the top three then

- utterly distracted by thoughts of beauty and frivolity, disgusting !
- 
- can we do a random selection based on groups? 
   + for group item in group, 
     roll random number,
     add matching index to selection, 
     if already in selection pick the next index instead
     

Todays Notes: 2024-11-06
- I get too angry about incompetence. It's just not personal. 
- if it is, then being angry will likely not be helpful. 

- script ideas
   + can we scan a text box and remove the A. letters from a sign list? 
   - regex search, match A., replace with ""
   + links and rasterItems collection today
   - how to embed links, use their path, relink broken links 
   - rasterize vector, 

   + a temp script would get me hard for all of next year. 

Todays Notes: 2024-11-05
- this day was not fun lmao 
+ Why ? Unclear communication combined with no SOP. That's literally it. Could've been thirty minutes and done, instead it's been
three workdays. 



- Sinclair
   + everything is ready, just have to compile the book. How hard could it possibly be!


Todays Notes: 2024-11-04
- energy! Momentum! Stimulants!
- Lets compare what's left of the monarch changes and what's left for the sinclair 
- maybe scripting today but I'd rather get this stuff out of the way
- 

- Sinclair
   + Amenity - made, scaled
   - all signs need to be made 
   - scaled
   - booked
   + site - made, scaled
   - site directional opposite faces
   - lake signs
   + Sky Deck - made, scaled
   - made
   - scaled 
   - booked
   + Fakking egress for bldg 5 === tomorrows problem
   
   
- M3 
   + Siena has some very simple temps that need to get made - the temp files should be made. 
   + The permanents he wants to design by hand. Pull example from verdant. 
   


- scripting ideas from the weekend
   + lean away from OO
   + can we get NPM packages to play with scripts? The scripts would call regular javascript that is attached to libraries. 
   + The problem there obviously is we have users so there needs to be a central location (server)
   + Their server is probably off limits for that sort of thing right now, though we could just do a local version 
   to prove the point. It depends on how much time the packages would save compared to writing out everything that
   I would otherwise need. 
   + lets play with symbols next. The CSV parser is important. Linked scripts is big. But symbols could solve a lot of problems.    

Todays Notes: 2024-11-01
- to does
   + fulfillment for the sinclair 
   + temps and addons for m1+2
   + the changes to monarch (fun)
- finished the temps, sinclair
   + There is fulfillment left
- lets work with the csv parser

Todays Notes: 2024-10-31
- well the csv parser is acting up, not sending things to rows and cells correctly. 
will diagnose this weekend. I've been slackin!

- to does
   + spot site signs
   + make site signs
   + make amenity signs
   + scale all signs
   + dim all unique signs
   + create templates for similar pages
   + duplicate all similar pages
   + drop in appropriate assets to each page
   
- scripting notes
   + an insanely powerful utility would be a master list of all the contracts in a single document
   solely for the purpose of searching it for examples to reference. Like oh what's this random fuck sign, currently
   the system is ask people until they all tell you to go to M3. So x3-x100 work. I'd rather do a ten minute search. 
   

Todays Notes: 2024-10-30
- use tuesdays left off for the mundane toils
- scripting left off
   + Great leeps and significant falls. Today we unearthed the .prototype method. 
   - What does this mean? We can create the functionality of classes in extendscript despite the lack of modern conveniences. 
   - The general idea here is: Make a series of classes that encapsulate one another down to the lowest common denominator. 
   - That would be the individual sign components themselves. 
   - We started with the Section class and that went farely well. 
   - The problem arises from how we split newlines in our makeList function. There are newlines inside a number of cells. 
   - This means we will process the CSV file character by character! Which will give us more flexibility in the end and doesn't 
   look terribly complicated. But it's a lot more than our current makeList lol.
   - Keep brainstorming about this OO direction. It makes sense to me, given the API is OO. 
   - But is it. Clean? Fast? Easy? Elegant? NO.

-scripting notes
   + ok since the API is OO we should consider using OO methodology. There is a lot of prebuilt code we won't have to write again. 
   + using Object.prototype notation will take some practice
   + Section and Sign objects should give us a lot of functionality. 
   + The question is how should the list be passed to the Section object, should the object handle parsing the list
   - the answer is no I think, because the object itself is mostly just a container for information that's been cleaned. 
   - a function cleans a contract and outputs simple tabular data. It creates a list of Section objects from data. 
   - another function would add the signs of a section to the Section object. 
   - we can call the Section object when we want to now if it has a specific sign, want to do something with the list of signs.  
   - there may be an argument for creating a Contract object.    

Todays Notes: 2024-10-29
- left off
   + some george nonsense - my own fault, part of growing pains from earlier jobs. Ended up forking the book revisions
   in two different directions by mistake. Always use one book copy, until the job is ready to and been export/fabricated. 
   + continue with sinclair - spotting done for amenity and buildings, the site signage is left then remainder of FS signs. 
   + After FS signs for sinclair we will scale and template the first pages. Will have to match the sign pages to the 
   building type in this one so the layouts are generally similair. 
   + Might just bust the temps out in the morning, not sure. The coding time has been incredibly valuable already. 
   - left the scripts off at the makeList function, we were able to read in an entire CSV file and attach it to a text frame obj
   - Now the nitty gritty of the CSV parsing remains: What do we need to do with the rows and cells for this script? 
   There is a lot that is possible but we need to narrow down what our end goal is for this first working example. 
   Because we will need to have something to show for it. 
   - Basically the line items need to be turned into unique groups with the appropriate template for that sign. 
   - Bring in contract. Parse sections. Parse signs. Make files from sections. Fill section files by sign. 
   - SAVE BY JOB ID -- tricky. Anything on the server is gonna be tricky because I have poor access. 
   - also they probably don't want me hosting this sort've thing on their server without proof it works. 

   - 

- scripting notes
   + excellent progress today, despite all the failure. 
     - added a helper function to read files and return their content
     - added to makeList, properly works through rows and cells so we can match txt 
     - need to add some way to turn the line items into objects
     - would like to abstract the makeList "mapping" utility, so basically implement map. 
     - want to be able to target the row, col, cell of any given table data more easily than writing the nested loop each time

   + finally have a vision for the export script
   - state export criterion 
   - implement functions for each criterion
   - need to call the group overlapping script first
   - then iterate through all the object groups 
   - for each object check against the export criterion 
   - every object that doesn't meet a given criterion run the appropriate function 
   - space each object according to it's position in the contract for that section (horizontal offset across pasteboard)
   

Todays Notes: 2024-10-28
- howdy doo dee 
- some rylan stuff then print - DONE
- fulfillment for the Sinclair - ITS NOT THAT MUCH - IN PROGRESS
- Waiting on monarch suspect that it comes back today 
- Allegedly there are temps 
- Ok we are leaving off on Sinclair adding the elevations for the unit spread ID's into the book 
   + currently done = 11-2 
   + the ones with more than 2 signs on the face need a detail showing the additional signs, it's spotted just
   needs to be added to the given spread
   + make sure to update the desc. with the correct amounts
   + then spot the remainder of the unit types 
   + spot sky lounge 
   + spot the site signs
   + spot the amenity signs 
   + should be good to go ahead and scale everything 
   + can use the dim copies that are identical from building to building based on bldg 1 artwork 
   + Might, MIGHT, get all of spotting and dimmed copies done tomorrow. If I'm feeling inervated. 
- workflow notes
   + There is a point at which copies need to be based on the production artwork (fullscale, correct build) 
   and then a point after that where copies are solely for easing the job for production. 

Todays Notes: 2024-10-25
- Hmm what to do, exports are done and I'm not starting the fulfillment for sinclair on a friday I know that 
   + CODE
   + TEMPLATE UPKEEP
   + RYLAN??
   + 
- Scripting notes
   + the basic labeling of groups is complete
   


Todays Notes: 2024-10-24
- so the egress map worktable needs to be setup so that print files are easier to make, could use some scripting here. 
   + Needs a live copy, sign copy, and raster copy
- Grandscape
   + remaining export is waiting for review
- Sinclair 
   + edits then export
- Rylan
   + medium edits then return - they have boring taste but that's probably fear of the client
- Monarch
   + Currently on the chopping block, waiting for return

- Scripts today 
   + Working on labeler when I get a moment.



Todays Notes: 2024-10-23
- tomorrow aka today 
   + look at grandscape export file for bldg 5 and use those print templates for the remainder, add as needed
   + should finish the export in the morning then go into sinclair in the afternoon

- sign design
   + can the copy on an F/E sign be the raised portion of the engrave? Would this count as tactile? 
   + 

- working on revisions today for 
   + Alta monarch - done
   + Rylan creative revisions - done
   + Then prepping things for export in Grandscape - there are paper revisions! I cannot access! Telekinesis wanted!
   + mmm sinclair needs revisions but those are also on paper 
   + updating templates and adding known changes to grandscape -> circling back, pivoting, dynamically problem solving, wow
   + 
   + 
- Script idea

   + Everything worth using relies on the tagging script working for a document. Need tagging UI, tagging scheme, naming scripts
   ++ This one is priority, its essential functions will become a foundation. 
   - consider global  edit according to tag 0.0

   + WAREHOUSE
   + MGMT needs some control knobs that make it easy to version control within the library. 
   + There needs to be a scheme for storing things in the warehouse and sorting them to our needs
   + Will have to keep reiterting what a warehouse is for - allowing scripts to interact with data. 
   Your templates are just data. Your job list is data. Your contract, concept books, filing "system", etc
   All of it is data that could be quarantined and SOP defined. 
   
   + relinking broken path script - the point is for when files are transferred from a different file tree 
      - part of share control bash script potentially 
   + Copy and archive bash script for moving production artwork files into share folders
   - copy artwork files, case if Section copy to relative path from PAW to given Section folder - if existing PAW rename w/ rev, date
   + group unique, create order, assign groups by order - use case is fixing z position errors in bulk
   - sort unique page items, create group for each, move page items to groups, sort groups according to order
   + also worth investigating matrice transformations and their general application. Seems to make bulk transforms much faster. 
   + This one is a stretch - double copy for book page asset spreads - one is link to production art and another copies the link w/ 
   dims from cad tools. Need to explore the reverse linking process. 
   Good tools are ones built for a context. 
   + Wow this isn't built in to 2024 indesign - a way to select all of same link throughout document 
   - loop through all pages, for each page loop through all links, or just loop through all links of document, match link to selected
   link, delete and/or other command input
   + Create dimension from artwork - create spread for dimension copy 
   + create layer diagram from artwork - separated and dimensioned layers from unique artworks
   + all of this procludes a labeling system that can identify sign types according to a contract
   - the problem is contracts are unreliable documents - they don't contain every sign by default
   Some is better than none however. The issue of contracts can be adjusted manually through user input. 
   - will need UI, basic data handling (OO), and a method for dimming artworks 
   + Is cad tools scriptable? Does the plugin conform to the illustrator api? - does not support scripting from api
   - so making the spreads for dimensions and separated layers would be worth it, and we can manually add dims or they can idc 
   - copy tagged production art - rules for separating layers, rules for creating spread artboards
   + ugh another idea - order artboards according to name - meaning you can name alphabetically or numerically and rely on that order
   
   
   
   
- Workflow notes
   + It's worth saying, the method where you callout the backer as a separate plate saves the time of drawing it X amount of times
   + It also encourages uniformity between backers, time and material saving
   - case and point, I have three different backers to draw and add to book copies (6 total revisions) because of 
   an ultimately aesthetic concern
   - there is no semantic reason, other than page spacing in edge cases. 
   - though, it opens up the reasoning for creating iteration objects, meaning copies of production art with specific contexts. 
   - it does simplify page layout in more than edge cases having the outlined backer, though it misaligns with how the C's 
   tend to think about this I would argue (don't know for sure) - they break unique layers of signs into groups before sending
   to the fabricator. The book is largely for them to tally off the signs that way. Layout with that in mind to me is a design
   constraint. 
   
   
   
Todays Notes: 2024-10-22
- There are definitely some incorrect dims in monarch and rylan, but that's the game. 
- we are going to code this morning until it is inconvenient to do so.
- When the brain is in the right space might as well take advantage of that energy. 

- Scripting ! 
   + What can we do in regards to a labeler
   + What is possible just with selection scripts ? 
   + Also just playing with structures and figuring out what all we can do is still good. 
   + A concrete plan ? Labeler and making something with a linked list structure. 
   
- Design ! 
   + Have some minor adjustments to grandscape and then a full export. Expect three hours.
   + Need to review monarch with ryan, that should take 30 min max. 
   + There is a sign team meeting today. Ask about the Sinclair, update her on Grandscape. 
   + I could be getting ahead on anything that's open.

Todays Notes: 2024-10-18
- fixing dims

Todays Notes: 2024-10-17
- fix some dims on monarch tomorrow


Todays Notes: 2024-10-16
- What a day 
- Rylan at Gateway 
   + Units 
   + LEFT ON THE BUILDING SIGNS THAT ARE GODZILLA SIZED
   + remember to change dims 
- Monarch
   + Still need to dim most of the artwork and compile the book. 
   + BLDG 1 and LCIS are dimmed, its LCES for now + units for each building

Todays Notes: 2024-10-14
- regarding alta monarch - the perf plates will need some sort've box but idk how the fabricators will get that done, ask Carla!
- continue with data structures
- get through section, review scripts
- today we start the csv parser for extendscript. 
   + Goal is to have a "live" report going for signs included in the document.
   + Use case is for fulfillment. Each sign group is labelled according to it's line item (contract) and 
   a list is constructed automatically as groups are added/deleted. 
   + shouldn't recognize scaled artworks as part of the list. 
   + added functionality later would be: 
   select full line and jump to object
   create sign templates from list
- we made some good codecademy progress, got through the linked list section 
- learned how to make a text box in our script, how to access it's properties, and we made a basic helper function 
to look at the types within the selection 

Todays Notes: 2024-10-11
Todays Notes: 2024-10-10
- some nonsense changes, a few client changes, a few legit mistakes on my part. 
   + What's left = Sinclair and Grandscape 
   + Grandscape needs printing and replacing of pages in the book (fun!)
   + Sinclair needs the pole added to the fire signs, with a clamp and illustration for both
   + scripting - made a cool one today, we are unrusting according to plan right now. 
   + have fun future me!
Todays Notes: 2024-10-09
- scripting went well, even though we only wrote three functions. 
   + The grouping by color led to some interesting needs, like having a dedicated comparison function for colors
   + we also worked with objects and arrays in a practical way
   + the actual script that orders the groups by colors could use a bit of polish, like a group for each color found
   + a naming feature would be cool, name the color based on the CMYK properties. 
- Monarch has all the plans together and ready for spotting, artwork. Last is the elevations for the buildings. 


- export all of grandscape tomorrow 
   + they want sections, don't see the point, gonna dump the whole thing


- we will work for a few hours on coding, but need to start monarch today. 
   + worked with layers a bit
   + worked with groups a bit, need to continue understanding how they're useful
   + how can I open, read, copy from other illustrator files 


Todays Notes: 2024-10-08
- we left off working with groups in FRC-2
   + the goal is to be able to comfortably manipulate GroutItem, GroupItems in different ways
   + not all will be immediately useful, it's more to understand the scripting environment and the tools I can leverage. 
- what are labels and how can we apply them to groups within illustrator? 
   + 
we need to go over all the basics again. 
   - make an artboard
   - make a rectangle
   - rename a layer
   - group selection
   - list everything selected
   - rename a group
   - copy and paste selected group
   - copy and paste a group from another file 

Todays Notes: 2024-10-04
- The goal of the scripts at Fource: 
   + Build tools to enable construction of data warehouse from existing asset library
   + Construct the warehouse and test run
   + Implement the warehouse with existing assets
   + add scripting functionality on top of warehouse to interface with adobe programs with relative ease
   
   + What is a template library? 
A single repository, organized strictly with restricted access, that design heads can update individually. 
It is possible to pull individual sign templates directly into files as copies.    

The first serious program will be the labeler. Basically make group from selection or use a current group.
Then add a label to the outermost object of that group. That label should correspond with section and line 
items from the contract directly. 
   + Why? 
Eventually there will be a lot of templates we want to easily add to new documents according to the contract. 



Todays Notes: 2024-10-01
- LCES for rylan
- descriptions for rylan
- Last check 
- PDF review with ryan
   + assuming revisions
- complete revisions

- Grandscape todo


Todays Notes: 2024-09-30
- relink rylan
- drop in artwork for rylan
update sheet
descriptions
proof again
elevations bldg 1 
run garage and bldg signs by ryan 


Todays Notes: 2024-09-23
- time today is 8:45 - 12:30, 2-7
- tired ! Wow remote is productive though. If the server were slightly more permissive to an authorized remote user it'd be easy. 
   + Art for Grandscape is largely done and in place. Need scaled and book comp now. 
   + Siena changes. Should do those tomorrow morning now that grandscape is in a good spot. 
   + Rylan is almost all spotted. Next is iterate the artwork up until the turn scope. Then scaled, book comp. 
   + The reason we're going over the first turn scope is just to avoid mass edits, and to ensure art direction. 
- programattically, there is a lot we can do. 
   + tagging 
   + logging 
   + templating and generic sign classes
   + warehousing
   + generation
   + file handling
   - Goal = ensure consistency, encourage collaboration, allow for oversight in art direction.  

- since remote will happen a lot, need to consider the file hierarchy again. 
   + Add section for sharing version control
   + Add section for copied production files in shared only, to avoid cross contamination
   + This should be part of the makeJob build in the works
   + Any AI or INDD files must go through this until it's safe to save on the remote machine. 
   + Quarantine for artwork means no linking, only the transfer of links that do not change from the original file or files that are 
   unlinked should be permitted by procedure, later through the construction of better tooling. 
   + 

Todays Notes: 2024-09-18
- pull spotting for each floor, building and pg
- spot each sign for temps 
- make each sign fullsize copy
- format for temps 
- dimension fullsize
- format book

done with the temps and added artwork to the sections. Gonna format the book tomorrow. Connect PC tonight. 
- George pool temps, they're made but I need a look from m3. 
- Programming tomorrow. We're looking into catching back up on terminal and JS over the next few months. 
   - the goal is getting tooling ready for myself. speed up and automate various things so I can program more. 
   - sharing will come later and implementation of sharing later later. 

Todays Notes: 2024-09-17
- grandscape fulfillment for the remainder of 1A to the 6th floor
- might as well do the rest of the spotting but I don't have the book for M3's notation :)
can base what I have off of Olivias spotting but again the plans have changed since then
- Compare contract to newest plans and give "fresh" spotting a try. 
- TEMPS ? FROM DOWNTOWN !

Todays Notes: 2024-09-16
- 2 - 6, 10, 16, 23 - 32, 35

Todays Notes: 2024-09-11
- Complete the remainder of Siena tomorrow
- Temps for Siena
- Export for the George
- Grandscape revisions
- the sinclair is with the client


Todays Notes: 2024-09-06
- finish the template 
- finish sinclair changes 

- building a better indesign template because I have time and the inclination. 
   + Basically lets arrange empty frames we drop the artwork into, and reduce the amount of time we are recomping. 
   + Then lets compare different strategies for arranging artwork in illustrator. The goal is to align the processes
   between both programs very closely so that there isn't a lot of double work between the two. 
   
   Example: if the artboards are inconsistent in illustrator, then we have to align things manually with indesign again. 
   Solution: uniformly layout artwork with illustrator, with predefined templates for indesign that are simply drag and drop. 
   
   + Template the bubble list so it's faster. We have a working solution but I'm sure it can be better, considering 
   object styles and potentially the story feature. "Threaded text" as in illustrator may also be useful.
   
   + Pages order for books
   - Notes:
   - Aluminum signs should go together. 
   - There is only so much the template can predict. It needs to be generic enough so it can change to the specific job. 
   Separate sign classes here. This will begin the ground work for scripting. Organization through classes. 
   - It's becoming clear the editing to artwork done with indesign is a poor choice. Takes too long when compared to 
   artwork readymade for a template. 
   - spreads should be made in contract order and on a single artboard everytime. Reduces arrangement/recomping
   - It also removes a lot of scaling when dropping images onto the page, gonna want an object style to speed up fitting
    

      - LCES
      canopy signs
      parking signs, address numerals -- parking signs go on a single artboard now
      door vinyl signs
      
      elevation spotting
      top down spotting

      - LCIS
      FoH signs
      Restroom signage
      Policy signage
      BoH signage
      Max occ
      Fire Code signage

      top down spotting
      
      - Fitness - so far has been wrapped into lcis
      - club - so far has been wrapped into lcis
      
      - Building X Lvl X Signage
      FoH signage
      BoH signage
      Hallway direcionals
      Stairwell, stair id
      entrances
      Fire code signage
      
      elevation spotting
      top down spotting
      
+ The layout is mostly aesthetic right now. Not especially semantic. 
   - box with image
   - box with description of sign class, amount, then build. 
   - bubble for image with amt
   - bubble list for description which is a row of bubbles
   
      

Todays Notes: 2024-08-27
- May just remake the artworks and book for Jefferson Grandscape. So many things are changing and I don't want my work to be next
  to OB's. Not because hers is bad. Perhaps the opposite. I just don't want the distinction present at all. 
- Don't understand her production artwork pages. There are likely reasons they are laid out this way but it isn't apparent to me. 

- Yah remaking book. The artwork is made and dimmed so it's about reorganizing and doing another layout.
   + This might freak Alissa out too much, if the books are super different. 
   + Follow the same order but use my spotting and book template.

Todays Notes: 2024-08-26
- rockin it so far, they will witness this method 
- plenty of things to improve. Again, we aren't even at the scripting part. Nothing is automated. 
- No template library. No Coordinated CRM. No communication between production and design. 
  I'm baffled anything gets done on a certain level. My default is almost out of the question here. 
  Like just suggesting we proof digitally until we have a working copy would likely piss certain ppl off. 
  That's square -1. Wtf are we printing revisions for. 
- We have a regular order right now.   
   + Checklist from contract - with macros from template
   + Spot
   + Gather images for spotting
   + Gather plans for spotting
   + read through the P A P E R notes
   + Create addressing plan if not present
   + Parking plan if not present
   + Bubble all spotting pages in the book (INDD)

   + Create all the art files by section
   + Fullscale for scope
   + Scaled for scope
   + 

   + Place art into book before spotting images
   + Detailed description review
   + Page numbering and sections (gross)
   + DIGITAL PROOF to Ryan 
   
   + Complete review with comments
   + Repeat until we both think it's gucci 

   + Send to Alissa for her notes
   + complete the PAPER NOTES
   + PRINT THE PAPER RETURNED REVISIONS
   + ORDER EVERYTHING BY HAND LOLL
   + wait
   + repeat until Alissa ok's it for the client
   

Todays Notes: 2024-08-19
- whenever we get the go ahead for the remainder of the siena, need to watch the stairwell signs and adjust the levels. 
   + Also need to create the remainder of the working production files for that job. 
   + adjust the egress maps to have that extra 1/8th plate for the map print itself
   + spot the building unit spreads on the elevation and the site plan for redundancy
   + ADD MAX OCCS
- FIX SIENA 
   + FORGOT TO ADD HOURS TO SIGN LIST ON LCES PAGE
   

Todays Notes: 2024-08-15
- Continue with the sinclair, finish the needed spotting, then judge if we should spot everything 
- need to add the max occs to the spotting pages whenever we make the artwork 
- ok need to figure out the stairlevel vs stairwell placement 
   + apply uniformly
   

Todays Notes: 2024-08-14
- Worked on sinclair spotting, got most of the first turn out of the way. 
   + Daunting thing is the unit numbers, but that shouldn't be too big of a monstser. 
   Really just need to figure out how to find many there are total, then a consistent scheme for the naming. 
   + Work on the first residence bldg from contract, probably want to get some of the other buildings out of the way
   but also don't want to have to rework too many things across each bldg
   

Todays Notes: 2024-08-13
- passed siena over to ryan
- given The Sinclair to work on until that review is passed 
   + Make contract
   + assess what's done already
   + Make artwork, scale
   + get book template ready 


Todays Notes: 2024-08-12
- we diid it, we diiid it, yah
- onto the SIENA FINALLY ?!?
Every day is like can I just remake all my template based on my newfound knowledge
The answer is no so we need to pick our battles here. Have time in the morning to make some adjustments for the siena. 
Coping the master pages from the George would be good. An alternative means to adding prefixes across master pages would 
be preferable, but there isn't one I can think of immediately. 

Script ideas -- we really need a definite work flow before any scripting is worth the investment. 
   + The best one now would be for initial job creation. 
      - make job folder - done
      - make book template with pages based on contract
      - make artwork templates based on contract
      - format working contract from their contract


- Back into the George, need to make up for missing Friday. 
   + Amenity descriptions
   + Pull examples for site signage signs
   + Construct and scale site signage 
   + Build out pages for sigte signage
   + Then we can play with egress maps
   + elevations for grill policy, fire pit policy, enter/exit on bldg 7,
   + fence backer illustration
   + 
   "Owner & Management not responsible for accident or injury caused by non-compliance"


Todays Notes: 2024-08-08
- most of the book is complete now. 
   + Amenity descriptions
   + Site signage artworks for -- enter/exit signs
   + Site signage descriptions and placement in book. 
   + Rework the egress map design. Apparently this is a non-boilerplate type. 
   It's a map so lets consider navigation designs. Reference some books. Do some research. 
   Want to push the type hierarchy to be more extreme while maintaning the semantic purpose of each 
   piece of data. 
   We could also do some work on the symbols, they aren't the most interesting graphics ever but they 
   could be more custom. 
   

Todays Notes: 2024-08-07
continue george
   + amenity artwork and scaled
   + elevation spotting for trash pickup sign on bldg 7
   + start putting frames into book 
   + compile descriptions and add bubbles
made all the artwork for each residence and the site signage today
also all the carports lol. They fret over the easy parts. I'm getting stuck on questions. Communication is the barrier for me so far. 
No one is on the same page from what I can tell. Not in an obvious way. It's this subtle sorta chaos. 


Todays Notes: 2024-08-06
- just finish spotting the site signage and we're gooch

- maybe thursday lol 
tomorrow we can focus on actually making the signs 
fun <|:^)

- we are finishing the rest of the george today and tomorrow
   + for the trash enclosure, goes above garage and needs elevation as well for spotting 
   

Todays Notes: 2024-08-05
- soo apparently despite the contract saying that fitness and club are together they should be separated so that's the task this morn
- then it's gonna be a final description audit because DAMN
   + add screenshot of photo
   + change elevation for club & fitness
   + for the future, diagrammatic spotting = indesign, elevation spotting = illustrator
- Then we are gonna make a template for all the new shit they informed me of on this round of stuff
- then it's on to siena 
   + list of siena remainder 
   

Todays Notes: 2024-08-01
- NEEDED FOR SIENA
   + Description audit
   + max occupancy method
   + put max occs onto the spotting
   + fix page numbering to their syntax
   +

Todays Notes: 2024-07-31
- WE did a fair amount of the Siena today, descriptions and remainder of revisions to go
- will get them to review with Ryan before bringing them to Alyssa. Probs friday.

Todays Notes: 2024-07-29
- Finalize the george revisions today 
   + What is left ? 
   + Adding the canopy signs and the leasing center monolith 
   - Ok the whole sign has changed. They are doing a pan with vinyl and then acrylic letters flush against the wall. 
   ADD DIMS TO GRADE
   FROM TOP TO GRADE
   AND LETTERS TO ELEVATION
   DIMS TO LETTERING, HORIZONTAL AND VERTICAL AND ALSO SPREAD THE LETTERS OUT MORE


Todays Notes: 2024-07-26
- Working on this monolith sign
- Got it basically approved, but there is a question on a grey color
   It looks like concrete to me, but if there is a match needed I don't want to guess. Or don't want to be the one to guess. 
   

Todays Notes: 2024-07-25
- Plans o plans today
   + George 
   + Finish George and begin Siena, that's optimistic -- GEORGE APPROACHING   
   + The page header changes are left, and the unmade signs. Make a monolith-post and panel for the leasing then some 
   standup letters for fitness and club. I'm gonna find some way to play with the typography. 
   + 
  

Todays Notes: 2024-07-24
- Feedback was actually good today. Much of it is still cosmetic rather than content focused, but now I have a formal explanation
of the style Ryan prefers. 
   Takeaways
   - imagine two columns per book page, then two rows. Dimensioned images go on top row, spreads on bottom. Different builds 
   go into different columns. 
   - smaller bubbles
   - Need a good middle ground for the dimension arrows
   - title block needs frutiger fonts
   - the grid border I have needs to be about .75"
   - imply nothing, even though they imply so much all the time
   - get all the grading and etc textures and drop them into the template
  - "Complaining" is usually valid insofar as it identifies a problem. If the immediate reaction is don't "complain" when someone 
makes a point about improvement, there is a clear insecurity regarding failure. That insecurity is a weakness so long as it remains
unaddressed. 
- Should establish better procedure for getting through revisions. They don't have a method. 
   + Take down revision details, page number, and status in a sheet with the working contract. 
   + Check them off one by one
   - Problem - What are the priorities? Getting the fastest stuff out of the way, then anything that has to simmer for 
   some time, and then making any artwork. 
   - Problem - Why was yesterday slow? Lots of remaking things. I don't have a definitive source for many of the signs, and don't
   have an idea where I might find examples without digging through our poorly organized server. 
   Some people say this way, others say that, and then Murphy gets it and is actually like we don't do any of that, but
   why aren't these other ten things done instead? 
   + Answers - Do our own research. Rely on people for research questions rather than production questions for the most part. 
   When asking a question, it's aimed at a general response. Production questions are for people with real authority, in the sense
   that they are an authority on the subject. 
   Go through the server and create some links when I find something useful. Should keep it in the library directory. 
   Use the contract, use the contract, and use the contract. 
   
   - Problem - What are the limits to using the contract? For example, it doesn't tell me there is a specific Arizona 
   No Smoking sign instead of a custom no smoking sign that was a complete waste of time to build out. 
   It doesn't tell me to use a specific build for fire signs, as opposed to the generics that have been given to me.
   
   It does tell me when something is missing from the build. 
   It does tell me names, quantities, and sections. 
   What does tell me there is a specific sign in arizona builds? Or specifics to the fire signs there?
   Reviews from Alyssa and Murphy. It needs humans attention, and these humans have a workflow that is legacy more than 
   practicality. 
   
   I said what I said!
   Another idea - only make scaled artwork. Start at 1/4th, and save a fullscale copy from the scaled artwork. 
   Rather than the inverse. We can check dimensions with cad tools. Could be problems with this. 
    

Todays Notes: 2024-07-23
+ SO SLOW TODAY
+ CHANGES ARE SO INEFFICIENT
-- Anyway --
we got a lot of the leg work done, but there were signs completely missing and I have to go through and make them now without
as much support. About half the changes are implemented, I would say another day to complete them and compile them to the book. 
There are faster ways I don't understand the preference for paper plans. It's like million dollar businesses run in the 18th century 
still in certain respects. 

+ King George


Todays Notes: 2024-07-22
- They are picky about weight and scale of things on the page more so than the details, 
so we should just use the standard process there. 

- George revisions first thing
   ++ adding to new book template
   ++ fixing dimensions -- done
   ++ changing composition 
   ++ fixing spreads in scaled artwork -- done
   ++ adding descriptions in indesign --
   ++    

   + Hallway directionals are all different -- LOST SQUARE, CHANGED NUMBERS
   + Go through and re-add glass backers -- 
   + Garage #'s = G2-01 -- 11 -- done
   + Storages the same -- done
   + Club House = Social Club all instances -- done
   + Change policy verbage -- done, redimensioned
   + Fitness Studio = Fitness Center all instances -- done
   + Leasing center post and panel
   + Add rail letters
   + Add fitness letters
   + Add building numerals
   + Arizona specific no smoking sign, check other arizona projects, spot at entry portals, reference TRG - Anne Flagstaff
   + Fire Riser -- needs addy, diamond grade vinyl, rounded corners, Soltra Kierland
   + Max Occs are filled in -- GL-101
   + Max Occs filled in - GL-101
   + Hours sign is wall mounted -- need to tweak build ask ryan or find example
   + Correct summer/winter hours -- done
   + Vinyls -- lower on door frame -- done
   add door always unlocked to right door -- done
   They want different spotting, housing address elevation -- added
   + They got the website back -- added
   + Respot the hours sign -- added
  
   + Social Club policy -- pull from SWC - Crystal Springs - Speakeasy 
   + 
   + Figure out N on spotting sheets for Fitness and Social Club

   + Spotting pages get list not images


      + 
   

- The remainder of Siena


Todays Notes: 2024-07-19
- crpProj1 today
- we need to figure out the actual cropping mechanism today

Todays Notes: 2024-07-18
- need a paint color chart to match rowmark against
- need process for egress maps

-- scaled artwork done
-- just need to compose the book, should work on that tomorrow, might even get it done. 
   + The lessons from the george helped speed this up immensely. 
   + really just reducing unnecessary work was most of it. Small tricks in illustrator and indesign. Templating with new 
   knowledge. Not even scripting yet, and there is truly enormous potential there. Just the thought of having SQL tables 
   with all the components I've made so far could mean saving so much time. The idea of building the tools is honestly
   more interesting than the design aspect of the job so far. Really I feel as if this is largely like being a penciler
   or assistant to an animator, artist, etc. The heads do a lot of the interesting work, the helping hands finish it. 
   - That's ok for now. When I get this going fast I will have my time back. It's already picking up speed. 
-- Some rough estimates of what I'll need to do this well
   - Extendscript routines for parsing SQL
   - SQL to JSON
   - Parse CSV to SQL   
      + Specifically parse these ugly af contracts
   - generic object maker
   - generic grouper
   - generic namer
   - procedure for profile views 
   - procedure for descriptions
   - UI for loading objects into database.
   - loading items into database -- this sounds hard but maybe that's just me 
   - there is a lot we can do here. honestly just having the database with reused components will be good to start. 
   

Todays Notes: 2024-07-17
- still chugging through casa siena
- carve out time for coding ! It is valuable !
   + The better / faster we get at the sign design and spotting the more time is allotted for coding. 
- remaining signs for today are the 
   + water room
   Stair Level
   Stairwell 
   Egress Map
   Building ID with unit spread -- got questions
  
Nice fullscale largely done, jumping onto scaled tomorrow
Lets just remember the lessons from the george, try and recognize modularity when it's possible,
and use our checklist system to make sure each piece gets in there. 

But yah it's looking good.  

Todays Notes: 2024-07-16
- tomorrow
   + policies -- done
   + doors numbers -- ongoing
   + hallway directionals -- ongoing
   + building numbers -- need spotting, have questions
      - how to spot
      - if it's a wrap which units go where
      - What part of exterior? 
- more spotting questions
- lets complete the checklist for peregrine


Todays Notes: 2024-07-15
- We continue with Casa Siena -- finished what spotting I can find, have some questions for the remainder. 
   + full scale artwork tomorrow. Pull from concept, past works. 
   + by section, no artboards
      - reason being its a waste of time
      - the artboards would get changed later during scaled artwork phase, then become generally useless when
      transferring to a book. The names of the boards don't show up in the place command for indesign. 
      If there were a script to place them programmatically, that would be another story. 
   + get full scale approved with Ryan before the scaled artwork again.
   + 

- Need to update Peregrine 
   + Leasing hour signs - LCES.01.00
   + Fulfill remainder -- as in the rest of the contract? 
   + Lets complete that change to the unit door #'s that Olivia started
 
- continue crpProj1 after lunch time


Todays Notes: 2024-07-12
- monday -- continue crpProj1 
- If we are doing spotting in indesign moving forward, then there is no reason to do it in illustrator. 
This just creates a gap in the process, meaning we have to link another document. 
   - Checklist 
      + Make a checklist from the contract using the template we built in excel
   - Spotting = indesign
      + refer to plans, check the plan pages, screenshot ingest in the job folder
   - fullscale artwork = illustrator
      + work from concept artworks
      + find descriptions from concept, keep them in the checklist. 
      + build descriptions with care. there is specific formatting they want, refer to previous jobs. 
      + Generally, keep the different sections together so bringing it into the scaled artwork is easy.
      + No artboards yet.  
      + Ryan is saying to split this artwork up into separate folders for Carla.
      This split happens according to section essentially. 
      So she can quickly do her thing to each section? 
      + I think the best way to handle this is to keep each section on its own layer
      Then save copies of the production artwork into each folder
      Then delete the uneccesary layers. 

   - scaled artwork = illustrator
      + Scale to 1:4 with cadTools
      + Create the profile views here
      + Dimension every layer of the profile, dimension the height and width from the artwork 
      + spreads = only need copies of the artwork if there is unique text. So unit numbers, garage numbers, etc.
      + spreads cont = if there is only one of the artwork, then simply spot bubble the dimensioned artwork. 
      + call out hardware as neccesary
      + baseplates will need to be dimensioned and shown along with their respective poles
      + There are pre-built fire code signs, refer to those. 
      Alyssa actually showed me a code section as well, multi use 2.0/8-Code Research
      + 
   - book creation = indesign, use book with spotting already done. 

Todays Notes: 2024-07-11
:^0
0^:
The book is polished, gonna check it a few more times. 
- Goal next time is to build an indesign template that speeds this nonsense along
   + Needs bubbling shapes
   + Needs swatches 
   + Type and Paragraph styles for the text boxes

- We also need a separate illustrator template for the dimensioning phase
- Happy to say the book is up for a final review, the next books will go so much faster. 
- We're going to work on some coding today and tomorrow before/after final review. 
 

Todays Notes: 2024-07-10
- there are revisions from ryan on the artbook, follow his size and type hierarchy as well as arrangement
   + no more copies for spreads, only same build/same class/different text get copies
   + bubbles should be smaller
   + no page identifiers for sections
   + the spotting pages don't need the artwork as long as it's listed in a coherent way. 
   + if there is only one of the sign place the spotting on the dimensioned artwork 
- We have to prep the rest of the scaled down artwork
- Then there is the book to make. 

Todays Notes: 2024-07-09
Todays Notes: 2024-07-08
- questions on the parking signs
   + need to know the material descriptions for the sign itself 

- Work today -- we need an indesign template for the sign book -- ask Alex when he gets in.
- Confirm scaled artwork with Ryan
- Determine work left for 
   + Presidium Casa Siena
   + Same for Aura Arts District
   + made the checklists for both, Aura was mostly done, Casa Siena had nothing? Check for concept
   + Finish a peregrine update, its adding the middle plate to the door number signs, its a combine
- My assessment of problem points here: 
   + People are talented, but bogged down in detail. 
   + Organization handles some of that detail, but relies on people too much
   + There are too many different procedures for the same thing
   + There isn't a library of components. Should run the server like a warehouse. 
   + 
- What scripting can handle: 
   + Still to be determined. There are a lot of things it could too, too many right now. 
   + Small tools to begin with. Automate basics. Understand the scripting API more deeply. 
   +  
- My adobe account isn't working -- complete
   + Need to register email 
   + Need to reset all the workspaces, yay
   + Need to get CAD Tools going
   + That was surprisingly painless

-- Script ideas
   + Basics
   - Create artboards with names of sections, layers with names of sections
   - Break text threads, Convert all area type to point type in document
   - Remove trailing spaces from last line in all text boxes in document
   - scale artwork and artboards 
   - auto generate bubbles with correct colors from csv -- this probably saves thirty minutes
   - 

-- Workflow notes
   - Fullscale artwork
   - Split into sections for production
   - Dimension for production? 
   - Bookscale artwork for book
   - Dimension for sign book
   - Create and version sign book, inDesign
   - Place spotting in sign book
   - Place artwork in sign book
   - Audit sign book, make any changes to production artwork 
   -- To Remember 
   - Use links until everything is checked. Revisions can be costly. 
   -
   + Improvements
   - lets aim to get most of the formatting done in fullscale production
   - try and stuff everything possible into the fullscale artwork. 
   - scaled artwork should get spotting bubbles, so we need a template similar to the spotting template
   - even the copies should be made, organized by sections, because I won't want the scaled artwork to be
   so different from the full scale artwork
   - consider doing spotting in the same file as the scaled artwork. That way everything comes from one place
   when I'm putting the book together.  
   - probably keep the spotting and scaled down artwork separate. Eventually this gets linked in inDesign, idk if a second layer
   of links will be worth the instability potential 
   - we need a third column in our templates moving forward, this one for scaled down  artwork checklist
   - use the Architxt font for dimensions
   - metal signs use decimal notation for sizes, not inches (terrible)
   - somewhat expectedly, there is not a consistent process for each stage. 
      + Full scale artwork, every copy. 
      + Scaled artwork. Dimension. Arrange for book. Need dimension, and spreads. This means -- two columns, one of dimensions
      and another with the non-dimensioned spreads. There will be times for both in the book. 
      + InDesign book. Bubble. Descriptions. 
   -- LATEST 
   - The bubbling should happen in inDesign, as well as descriptions. To control sizing and composition mostly. 
   - 
Todays Notes: 2024-07-05
- if the typical workflow is to separate a full scale artwork into chunks so people know what's done,
then links are the best practice while revisions are still frequent. 
   + This means a script for embedding the links while maintaining groups would be extremely useful. 
   - reason being, this is usually the copy that gets sent to production, and they need to be able to make their own edits 
   to their files based on this copy. So they'll need something live. 
   - Problem is, embedding a link will fuck the artwork rather badly. It removes grouping, expands text in odd ways, etc
   - So we need a better embed link script. I imagine this exists already, we need one adapted for our own purposes. 
   

- continue working on signBookJob -- adapted to work on the current directory, use with caution

- set up the template for the indesign books -- 

- check on links to the main production artwork 
- make checklist template -- it worked pretty well for the george, so how do we make it repeatable? 
   -- made the template, can save macros to it easily now. 
- made the checklists for Casa Azul and Aura Arts District
   - There isn't anything done for Casa Azul
   - Most everything is done for Aura Arts District
   - The George -- Fullscale artwork done, need scaled, need book

-- Need indesign template, ask Ryan


" VBA MACRO 
Sub InsertCheckBoxesInSelection()
    Dim ws As Worksheet
    Set ws = ActiveSheet

    Dim chkBox As CheckBox
    Dim cell As Range
    Dim rng As Range

    ' Set the range to the current selection
    Set rng = Selection

    ' Loop through each cell in the selected range
    For Each cell In rng
        ' Add a check box to each cell
        Set chkBox = ws.CheckBoxes.Add( _
            Left:=cell.Left, _
            Top:=cell.Top, _
            Width:=cell.Width, _
            Height:=cell.Height)
        
        ' Set the properties for each check box
        chkBox.Caption = ""
        chkBox.LinkedCell = cell.Address
    Next cell
End Sub
"

"
Sub RemoveCheckBoxesFromRange()
    Dim ws As Worksheet
    Set ws = ActiveSheet
    
    Dim chkbox As CheckBox
    Dim cell As Range
    Dim rng As Range
    
    Set rng = Selection
    
    For Each cell In rng
        For Each chkbox In ws.CheckBoxes
            If chkbox.TopLeftCell.Address = cell.Address Then
                chkbox.Delete
            End If
        Next chkbox
    Next cell
End Sub
"



Todays Notes: 2024-07-03
- finish signBookJob -- just making folders for server with a prompt for client and job names
- change clubhouse text 


- What are the problems with the folders on the server? 
   + Lack of clarity
   + Too many folders
      - There isn't a consistent place for anything. 
   + no consistent naming convention, there are conventions but they differ
   + No dedicated place for the contract
   + No dedicated place for job id 
   + 

- My working version
   + Production_Assets - contains subfolders fonts, contract, renderings, Textures, potentially Concept 
   + Plans - contains Current and Old folders
   + 


Todays Notes: 2024-07-02
- What is left for The George ?
   + Refer to working contract
   LCES good
   LCIS good
   


Sign Class
   + Sign Category - FoH, ID, Blade Sign, Illuminated, etc
   + Sign Content - Text in the Sign? 
   + Number of Lines - Number of lines for text on sign
   + Description - The description used in the signbook it was released with
   + Dimensions Overall - Total Width x Height x Depth
   + Materials - Breakdown of description
      - Number of Plates
      - Dimensions of each plate
      - Material ID
      - Notes
   + Job ID
      - Client ID
      - Location Address
   + ADA 
   + IFC
   + Link to asset -- the end goal would be generating assets from this class, 
   but it would be faster in many cases to simply retrieve a previous asset. 
   So we'll probably want to link all the signs to a database like this one. 
   
Sign Class Tools
   + Sqlite 
   + Scripts - JSX
   + JS, Node - We will have to build the database on something more substantial than JSX, 
   I don't want to make it on something like C++ or Python, since we'll need JSX to interact 
   with the database in some ways. Entering all the data will be the time consuming aspect. 
      - JSON from objects made from the sign class
      - Objects placed into illustrator from scripts
      - 
   - A script with UI that lets you enter a new sign or pick from a previous sign within Illustrator 
   - Another one that could just record information from signs labeled in a discrete way
   

Todays Notes: 2024-07-01
- Spotting is largely done for this first turn, need to start building the signs. 
   + Grab what has been concepted, what Olivia has already built 
   + Look through previous jobs
   One thing at a time. 

ASK RYAN
- Need to ask Ryan about the Hallway Directional spotting. 
   + Hallway Directional Construction
   + Ask Ryan about the Building Numbers 
FINISH GEORGE
   + Create book scale artwork
      - Add Dimensions
      - Add spotting bubbles
      - Prepare for book
      - scale premades? have to check
      + Add the premade artwork into the book, that's building numbers and exterior signs
- Good references for the George
   + The Atwell
   + 
- Learned the door number symbol marker for plans - search the door schedule for the number or code 
Copies

THIS DOOR TO REMAIN UNLOCKED 
WHEN THIS SPACE IS OCCUPIED.

OFFICE HOURS
Mon, Wed, & Fri
8:00am-5:00pm
Tue & Thur
8:30am-5:30pm
Sat & Sun
12:00pm-5:00pm

XXX.XXX.XXXX
DomainURL.com

Todays Notes: 2024-06-27
- got the excel template down, needed a vba script to make the checkboxes, actually very close to JSX but with different classes
- working on spotting the George
   + LCES, LCIS, BUILDING 1
   + Site Plan 
   + Leasing Center Elevation, Floorplan
   + Does leasing center include clubhouse and fitness center? 
   + 
- Spotting pages, Fullscale artwork, Scaled Artwork, separate illustrator files
- Book is constructed from illustrator links, inDesign


Todays Notes: 2024-06-26
- today we start working on the George
- excel contract template
   + going to look into tools that convert the document into csv and format it how I'd prefer. 
   + Could convert and then just use awk, that would be a good project. 
   + Match columns by the section categories, fill in all the other columns until the next section, etc
   + Use cases: 
      - I don't want to use paper. Paper is slow. Digital tables are fast.
      - Can keep track of many things based on a single sheet of data.
      - when a job is done or requires revisions it's easy to duplicate 
      - I can data merge information into illustrator, indesign
      - Scripting is actually possible with ordered data. 
      - progress checklist is now something I can share with others, IE Ryan and Alyssa
      - can gain insight into the jobs themselves. Start creating DAM procedures from data. 

Todays Notes: 2024-06-25
- So hard to actually get any practice here, so much for training. -- for now!
We have about an hour. Going to work with a copy of a contract in excel and try to get a checklist working.
If there is time left I want to start looking at the paper plans for The George

- Checklist
   + makeJob can be adjusted here
   + things to improve -- cd needs to change the parent shell, date needs to be after job name
- Paper plan overview
   + Look for what pages have notes
   + Look for pages that we'll need for spotting
- Folder setup for a new project
- Book template 
- Artwork Templates
   + Full Scale
   + 1/4 scale, or "book" scale


Todays Notes: 2024-06-17
in 8:16
out
lunch

-- really need to set up direct deposit and all that
- newest scripts and such
- studying architectural plans -- 30-40 min this morning with notes
- following Olivia and watching her workflow 


Todays Notes: 2024-06-14
in at 815am
out at 300pm
lunch 30min

- dynamic applescript and bash - applescript templates for placing paths into currently open finders, bash for placing variables

- go see Marcia about a fingerprint
- WorkEasy bookmark
- scripts for jumping to relevant parts of the server 

- Olivia is in today
	+ What is her process for spotting
	+ Adobe workflows
	+ Book preparation

Todays Notes: 2024-06-13
+ Trial Book
	- Spotting first
	- Artwork generation
	- Book creation
	++ based on outline in production artwork 0
+ Workflows
	- Reference Materials
		+ Everything is on the server
		+ Sign Concept Book - this is a general overview of the styles and branding for major elements of the job
		+ Sign Book - this goes into more detail about the actual components for signage on a property
		+ Contract - This will have a mostly accurate listing of ID, description, and placement for the components
		+ The physical plans themselves - Architectural, Elevation, Addressing
	- Spotting - placing all components onto their relevant plan images
		+ Templates for the title block - check the code in the bottom right, should correlate with the contract
		+ Pages for the book, inDesign templates, use links from illustrator 
		+ It looks like the sign book will have material descriptions for the components
		+ Need to pull images for each section that will have spotting, so plan referencing
		+ Start with General for the overview of the entire site
		+ Then each floor of each building
		+ Leasing Office/Clubhouse
		+ These are common components, often there will be specific components added by hand to the plans
		+ When we work with physical plans, grab a list of the likely digital plans first to give me an idea
		of what is going to actually be pertinent. 
		++ Getting accurate measurements of dimensions from the plans
		+ Using the scale from the physical plans, we can get pretty close if not dead on. Trace the plans and 
		then scale up accordingly. The CAD tools scale is very useful for this 
	- Reading Plans - company/Signs/Sign Books/<(client acronym)>
		+ Find the client on the server 
		+ Find the necessary pages for the given sections in the contract
		+ General will have complete overview -- generally!
		+ Architectural should have most of what I need, then a few pages from the other sections
		+ 
	- Sign Component Implementation
	- Book Construction
++ Potential Scripts
	- open list and pass to adobe acrobat
	- set the screenshot folder later



in at 8:15
out at 540
30 min lunch

TODO
+ we should look through some plans and see if we can determine placement of signs
+ should look through the material they gave me yesterday and see what I see
	- ask questions
+ explore scripting resources
+ finish configuring adobe products
+ finish vimPlug setup

++ need to get finger print id set up
++ recording time, but need to tell someone so I get paid
++ printer configuration, fiery
 

Todays Notes: 2024-06-12
in at 8:20
out at 5:30
30 min lunch
- TODO
+ We have to stress understanding process, they are very in their flow and I have a million questions
+ Stages so far - we get book > development gets sectioned off to each designer > review Client Sign Book, Contract Plans, 
Client folder > Spotting for signs within scope of job per designer > ___ probably want to stage all templates from components >
+ setup applescripts for starting, upload tonight



+ When does my job start? 
	- Book comes in from __
	- That book should include: Contract, Plans, Sign Book
	- There will be a list of components on the contract
	- There will be a directory on the server with everything in it
		- /Volumes/company/Signs/Sign Books/<client names>/
		- /Artwork/ -- this is where I will be a lot of the time
+ How do I know what components will go into a job
	- Check the contract
	- Understand the scope of the tasks assigned to me, they appear to be split between the team depending on the job

+ Where do I get dimensions for the signs for a given client
	- This is stated in a number of places 
	1. Client Sign Books
	2. Development Plans 
	3. 

+ Placing signs on the plans - this is called Spotting
	- Where to find the placement on the plans -- practice reading plans 
	- There are often hand written notes from Murphy or Ryan that detail exactly where signs will go 
	- spotting is something that happens before artwork construction 
	- these are used in the building of the book for review
		

+ Understanding architectural plans -- oh BPS
	- Floors
	- Symbols
	- Acronyms
	- reading pages
	- understanding what is relevant for my position, so I don't have to read an entire plan (all the time)



HELLO WORLD
