Camden Bailey
Interviewer - Mark Hughes

1. Are you currently employed?
Currently no, I left my previous job a week ago. 

2. Will you be able to devote 20 to 40 hours of your time weekly for the company?
Absolutely. I am comfortable working overtime as necessary and used to heavy workloads.

3. How do you know when you’ve aced a project?
When the client makes a point to say their business was earned because of the increased quality of the brand. Working with my 
previous employer Select Corporation, after a packaging rebrand for their generic products a number of clients came back after 
more than a decade of radio silence saying they returned explicitly because the new product would sell better.

4. Describe a time you worked with a multidisciplinary team on a complex project.
During a packaging revamp for a line of pharmaceuticals, I had to collaborate a variety of teams. This included other Design teams
at very large companies, their legal and quality teams, and then after approvals would work with various print vendors to implement 
and produce large runs of paper packaging. 

5. Whose Graphic Design do you most admire?
Herb Lubalin - the mastery of typography is truly astounding. You know what you are doing is high level when people afterwards
who attempt imitation fail to capture the same level of artistry. 

6. How do you stay up-to-date on current tech and trends?
Frequent research across different channels. Social media, influencers, just to stay on the pulse of current events. 
Podcasts and newsletters to get into a bit more of the crunch. Libraries digital resources when I want to dive into manuals, 
technical jargon, research papers, etc. 

7. Do you have any side projects you’d like to mention?
I'm building a homelab right now where the goal is to self host my own web application sandbox. 

8. What’s your top Graphic Design software?
Illustrator and Photoshop are tied. Being some of the oldest Adobe graphics products they offer a wealth of features. 
Specifically the scripting language under the hood for both is interesting to me. 

9. How do you meet tight deadlines?
Project management software like Asana, or simply keeping a checklist/table in a spreadsheet program like excel. I personally 
prefer a Kanban table view for complex multi-stage projects. 

10. What’s the biggest technical challenge you’ve ever faced? How did you overcome it?
Building a library of UPCs with just Bash code, free trial software, and a spreadsheet. I read IBM documentation on the 
algorithm for UPCA and ITF14 barcodes and coded a tool to create the full code with check digit, then automated the import/export
through a third party program with Bash. 

11. Tell me about your experience working remotely.
While I've always been in office it constantly required keeping in contact with remote teams across the country and even 
internationally. Translating timezones is always the first step. But tracking projects using tools like Asana, Basecamp, Google
Calendar and making sure to keep contact information readily available are the fundamentals I always keep in mind. 

12. How do you present to clients or stakeholders?
I draft a project as if to be ready for the final viewer, and if they desire I have the nitty-gritty details available to look at. 
Telling the story of the project as well as the logic behind it are my goals when I present. Showing the best version of the 
product with briefs and pitch decks was common in my previous role. 

13. What would you do if your most important client hated your work?
Any feedback good or bad is useful. I consider myself and my work extremely flexible. If they hated my work, I would simply make 
different work. Understanding the needs of your client is essential to being successful in this business. Not to dismiss my own 
technical ability, but that ability has to adapt to the context of the project. 

14. Walk me through your portfolio. Which pieces are you most proud of, and why?
I made a line of generic products that I am proud of. They started off with a dull navy grey color, and used gradients and blending
modes to accomplish a lot of their shading, so over time sitting in a warehouse they faded in a rather terrible way. 
My goal was to simplify and unify the branding across that product line, and make something that would stand out in a C-Store space. 

15. Tell me about yourself and your last job
I'm a programmer and designer with a passion for problem solving and creative thinking. That could be playing music one day, 
designing a new packaging line, or running my own Linux server for games and app development the next. When the limits are 
know-how and creativity I feel in my element. 
My last job was as Lead Graphic Designer and IT Specialist for a wholesale packaging company. They needed someone who could organize 
their digital assets, unify their branding voice, and implement graphics for a variety of package forms to stay up to date with 
the latest branding of their clients. I did so by leveraging skills with Adobe Creative Cloud software and automation through shell
scripting. It was actually a lot of fun building those tools and watching chaos come together into an efficient system. 

16. What does a successful project look like?
Productivity, a satisfied client, and a team that is more prepared for the next project.

17. Are you willing to undergo a Background Check Screening, in accordance with local law/regulations?
Yes

18. How long would you expect to work for us if hired and how much will you request per hour if
you are hired?
1 - 2 years unless there is room for growth and development within the company. I would request $28 per hour. 

19. Study design briefs and determine requirements
Schedule projects and define budget constraints
Conceptualize visuals based on requirements
Prepare rough drafts and present ideas
Develop illustrations, logos and other designs using software or by hand
Use the appropriate colors and layouts for each graphic
Work with copywriters and creative director to produce final design
Test graphics across various media
Amend designs after feedback
Ensure final graphics and layouts are visually appealing and on-brand

Can you handle all of these duties effectively? 

Yes, I have experience doing all of these things. 


