Design Notes

Technical

Illustrator

Procedures
Create pattern from assets, create brush from pattern, create matrix with lines, apply pattern brush to lines, apply effects to matrix. Not quite predictive enough for use in copying or remaking, but interesting enough to be a generative process alone. 
Create texture from real world example, using the trace procedure, then making square pattern from the trace. This can be used to fill drawings to get more realism. 
Text - Apply pattern to fill that acts as drop shadow for text, used as appearance to keep the text editable
Print out B&W contact sheet of various assets, trace them on light table in your own style, ingest them back through vector procedure. 
4x4 grid, comp icon and letter forms within, create series, create brush or pattern texture from series
Tracing Architectural elements in isometric grid then applying textural effects to create versions of each form
Damn. Once you get the templates and motifs locked down, the only barrier to entry is understanding the needs of the given market and the relationships to cement the business. Once you have that all you have to do is make good work and like that’s been the point since Pre K. 
3D - The rotate function and inflate makes the process of making assets about building cross sections in 2d then finishing them with the render settings. Imagining that multiple 3d objects can be combined much as many vectors are combined to make complete objects. 
Finish 3D Illustrator objects in photoshop for the clean product photo look. 
potential workflow for DFL spellchecking - create well formed plain text of new and old dfl, run both through comm, edit new to match any updates and verify sameness, save plain text to RGD, apply plain text to styling templates, copy templates to art file, adjust type if needed. There aren’t presets for type styles in illustrator so perhaps indesign might be better for this. 
Correction, Character and Paragraph styles exist in AI. Yay. 
Could proofread based on lines, would need to reformat most of our DFL text, but each line is matched by comm better that way


Observations
Layering pattern brushes with effects is the next level of understanding in reproducing graphical effects in this program. Being able to create a raster pattern, drop it into illustrator, create a brush from some arrangement of said pattern, and then work with that pattern in some matrix of bezier curves? That has to be how the advanced production teams get to these unique VFX.
Read one paragraph about plywood and suddenly we miss the studio. 
As tragic artists go, I really need to get sadder or something. Really missing the trend dying so young maybe people won’t think I’m legit. Knock on wood.
The jump to hand drawing assets could be difficult, and the mental block is likely the biggest, but honestly there is something there that’s impossible to replicate when you are totally digital. In the face of world altering AI technology the human mind stands to benefit the most, and returning to analog will be the style ushered in as reaction to the tide of automation. 
Learning enough about the motifs that are present within other cultures would create channels for revenue that I hadn’t even considered, ones that I’m entirely ignorant of. Would need to be strategic about not offending people, relying on the less objectionable areas of visual communication. Geometric patterns, classic phrases, “FAmIlY vaLUEs”, modesty
Following that line of thought, GPT could be used to understand the language within an (dare I say) advertisement and commodity focused modality, allowing for research where I normally would be completely stuck. 
At some point, training more GD is just going to give limited returns since it has no coherent objective aside from improving our knowledge base and expertise in certain areas. Since we’re at minimum 50% capability in a lot of those areas, polishing to 80% or 90% is less priority. People don’t notice the polish past a certain point. 

Styles
Street, commodification of blackness
Retro, things that happened before 1960
Sci-Fi, Whatever hollywood styles the future as this year
Handwritten or Handmade, pintrest floral on neutral tones
Christian, clouds and metallics with something resembling the sun, things really haven’t changed 
Male, dark colors and gritty textures along with symbols of wealth
The Seasons
The Sports Seasons

Sources
It might be interesting to track down a collection of those CD’s that had a bunch of PNG’s of clip art and start archiving them.


Gear
Proofing printer
Lrg Format Scanner
DSLR
Lighting equipment
Booth setup
carrying gear
Data storage, backup
archiving software, DAM procedure
drawing tablet
Adobe or equivalent software
Drafting table
Lightbox
Tracing paper, pens, pencils, neutral lamp

Personel
What specialties would I hire if we needed to expand the graphics department? What kind of people with what kind of skills?
Almost certainly need an illustrator with subskills in animation and 3D Modeling. Expensive the more they know about 3d. But minimum a talented hard working draftsperson who is competent with digital workflows. Good drawing will take the work a long way. Adaptability is a must, should have their own “house style” though. Needs to be Type A and comes from Fine Art disciplines. Execution specialist, not a composer. 
Design-Minded Backend systems designer. Also expensive the more they know about backend. Minimum strong knowledge of front end platforms and how to achieve functionality while the team creates assets. Arty person who liked math more.
Data analyst - Someone who can gather marketing data and understand enough about design and craft to apply it to our given situation. Should prioritize moving the flexible design ability of the team into new markets where we can provide consistency, quality, and intel. They would focus research heavily.
Instead of Data Analyst, a video expert. Create and edit content for clients within different niches of online marketing, YouTube personalities, etc. Doubles as photo expert.  
Floating Design hand, does proofing, tracing, typesetting, versioning, naming, tagging, research aid, minor updates to company assets, inventory, photo editing, video editing, audio editing, is basically a training position where multiple types of people could stay for however long. I guess eventually people get enough experience to go off on their own. 
That’s pretty much how I’d do it, until we moved into a specific direction with the focus of our work and the types of clients we’d have its hard to tell if you need more specialty or not. Say, a Poster Design Focused illustrator with in depth knowledge of the screen printing process. For something of that nature, it might be prudent to pay them for consultancy and use that specific knowledge as a base for training the core unit. The better our research methods are the less we’d have to rely on this. 
