Import Rebrand Notes

Ratios

Footer
footer is 1.431 X the width of the card dieline
Category is 0.144 X the width of the card dieline
Header
header is .927 X the width of the card, no more than 20 mm, unless the card is over sized or an edge case 
AThe purpose of uniformity is to decrease time for checking quality, improve accuracy of information, and eventually make room for automation of certain tasks, to this end the placement should have a registration marker and formalized position
Rev sits at top right of UPC, separated by 2.5 mm vertically, justified right edge of barcode of UPC, 

Backs
Greys are 10% & 80%

Polishing 
repackager statement formatted
rev code medium seravek, justification


important note: do not save in SVG because pantones will not be called out, will revert to CMYK #’s
all references with color thusly placed in single ai

The monograms may stay, for now they will be considered place holders until we figure the icon situation. They have more visual interest, and avoid having to put letter combinations on the header 
Answer - We will switch to product specific symbols, and the space is less about conveying the semantics of the packaging as a whole and more about grounding each product with an identity. Can explore the problem aesthetically as opposed to semantically. 
Detail will be: Lowest, high contrast, fit within header motif stylistically. There is opportunity to be creative here, so long as we hit the requested benchmarks at the same time. 

reach out concerning changes in product form with mfg in China
Either the symbols will be product specific or it will unify every package, product specific is more costly to maintain but looks better. 

Copper Scouring Pads
American Heartland, home helper, literal and metaphorical grit, sustainability messaging, womens work (perception), work for kids, wondrous cleaning material, branding message works on assumption of magic trick, as if you couldnt grab a fistful of hay and accomplish something similair 
Need
Name
Copy
Materials Theme
Colors Theme
Dieline - on hand
Character Illustration 




04-05-23
They want
A color for the header, they think it’s missing rather than just white. 
Footer, will need to explain there’s nothing that goes down there for any of the products. 
Add the car icon, build the other icons out
The header from the slime copy, which is rather ugly so we’re gonna remake it. 
Remove the product trace. Another reason input shouldn’t be allowed. 
They want metallic, we’ll see what works. ]

While none of these are semantic reasons for changing anything, they will have to function semantically. To this end there will be stretching of what they wanted to address the actual problem at hand. 

Body color or light body color moves to top, the reasoning for not having it there (as it was like this originally) was because it makes the name of the product harder to see, there’s less contrast. Obviously you could just make some cutout dropshadowed monstrosity just so people can read the product name, but I thought using white would do the same thing with less kitsche. 
There’s no copy for any of our product, I’ve not been asked to add any copy, why are we adding space for nothing? How does this add dimension like they were asking for? Is this just a space for another color? They seem split on liking the monotone pallette and hating it. 
The icons are fine just need to make them. 
The header will be different than the one I showed them, it’s a different product with a totally different style and for a totally different set of customers almost. Slime is one of Walmarts auto accessory vendors, their product is a bit above the price range of the CStore space. Like you don’t walk into 711 looking for a digital tire gauge with all these accesories, or a nascar grade tire repair kit. You expect to open the package and for the tool to work the one time you need it to then break in a week. 
Silly, dont get me started.
My only concern is with the lack of pantone support for the metallics in Adobe these days. Solution: Different color book. 

Observations 
Again, the allotted space for the header is 25 mm height wise
Since there’s no copy, put the category identifier in the footer.
7 bar motif is relegated to footer as well - changed to bubble fade
Drawing is completely removed, can’t think of a sane way to put it in there now. - drawing is included, as “easter egg”.
Ok what if we made the drawings small enough to sit behind the product so you don’t see them at all? That way it’s only something the customer sees when they have already purchased the products. There is no increase in cost and doesn’t affect the saleability whats the argument against? The concern was that since they weren’t a perfect sillhouette it would look weird. Remove the potential weirdness until it’s too late lmao. - this was accepted
The header space from punch hole should be 1 mm, shouldn’t exceed 20 mm total height
an odd observation - the drive to or not to place something onto a packaging form is decided by some relation between what the designer and people funding the designer want, and also what they think other people want to see/ don’t want to see. 
Justification 1 - Jumper Cables
Is solidly within branding goals and maintains VBL 
There is no need for a footer, the product doesn’t have a flat bottom
Every extra detail describes the product in some fashion, creating identity
All color, type, type hierarchy, branding motifs, logos, semantics are included.
There are no other complaints with the 
Reworking method - take the same motifs and rework them within the given structure, using the style given, improving on implementation of VBL and not the concept itself

Boxes Switching to Jars
01181_Nail Clippers Toe PVC Box

Missing Dielines
01021_Scouring Pads - good
01044_Single Edge Blades - good
01082_European Glass Fuses - good
01139_Jumper Cables 10’ (sleeve packed) - good
01137_Screwdriver Flat Head - good
01191_Travel Corkscrew - good
01322 Travel Corkscrew & Bottle Opener
01309_Full Size Travel Toothbrush (Medium) - good
01307_Full Size Travel Toothbrush (Soft) - good
01305A_Disposable Razors Singles 

Finals Checklist
Header contains
Name
Subname
Icon
Diamond motif
is right color
1 mm down from punch
logo
Centered
Body Contains
is right color
product illustration
correct category 
Footer contains
is right color
doppler motif
Back contains 
Header minus Traveler logo
is greyscale - change classic logo to grey version?
product illustration 
classic select logo
MFG statement
made in statement
rev code, seravek med 6pt
upc 
Prop 65 sticker if needed








